<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 07/14/2016 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 07/14/2016</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2016-07-14>July 14, 2016</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><h1 id=july-14th-2016-meeting-minutes>July 14th, 2016 Meeting Minutes</h1><blockquote><p>Notes taken by mobyte in emacs</p></blockquote><blockquote><p>11 people in attendance, including: kami, mind, cpg, mobyte, Hardison, nospace, stringy, typo, hypnotoad, sphinx, hellbacon</p></blockquote><blockquote><p>6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall</p></blockquote><h3 id=plan-preparation>PLAN Preparation</h3><ul><li>cpg is not going to be the VP of OPs so we will need a group of people to work on plan.</li><li>Hardison will help us make a list of things to do that we will need to organize plan.</li><li>The group of people that are going to help with plan will need to be able to make important decisions.</li><li>People will need to be able to be committed if they want to help.</li><li>We will need to organize plan far in advance so we will not need to worry about setting things up shortly before PLAN.</li><li>Since Hardison won&rsquo;t be here during PLAN, we will definitely need people to help out.</li><li>sponsors should be a priority.<ul><li>We should have one person dedicated to sponsors.</li><li>We should build our relationship with potential sponsors so we can get in contact with them quicker in the future.</li><li>We will definitely need help from giggles to get the League of Legends Riot sponsorship.</li></ul></li><li>501(c)(3) is a requirement for many businesses, but instead we may be able to obtain funds by putting them through the University.</li><li>Someone will need to rent out the rooms early at Parkview.</li><li>bigguy, our VP of finance, will be the person to help us get concessions.<ul><li>We should focus on getting a wide variety and enough of popular items, since leftover items will go to Computer Club.</li></ul></li><li>Additionally, the webmaster will need to set up the website in advance so people can sign up.</li><li>Pre-registration on the website should go up about a month in advance.<ul><li>Pre-registration gives us general attendance information, tournament interest information, MAC addresses, and tournament team registration.</li></ul></li><li>Posters should also go up early so people know about PLAN.</li><li>An Overwatch tournament is expected to bring in a lot more people.</li><li>If we need any more information or if we have any questions, we can contact Hardison.</li><li>Over the next couple weeks, we will be dividing the needed tasks for PLAN to multiple people.</li></ul><h3 id=oculus-rift-computer>Oculus Rift Computer</h3><ul><li>Our temporary machine for playing on the Oculus Rift is gone.</li><li>We should buy a new gaming PC if we want to power the Oculus Rift.</li><li>mobyte has put a PCPartPicker link in IRC (<a href=http://pcpartpicker.com/list/yL8vVY)>http://pcpartpicker.com/list/yL8vVY)</a>, check it out and give feedback if you want to help us pick out the new computer for Computer Club.</li></ul><h3 id=lockpicking-demo>Lockpicking Demo</h3><ul><li>Jason Johnson is giving a lockpicking demo this Monday at 2PM.</li><li>stringy will be there helping to teach high-schoolers about lockpicking.</li><li>If anyone wants to help, let stringy know.</li></ul><h3 id=minecraft-server>Minecraft Server</h3><ul><li>We&rsquo;re playing Minecraft on a server right now.</li><li>If you want to join us, join the #minecraft channel on IRC and join the IP in the topic.</li></ul><h3 id=events>Events</h3><ul><li>nospace is thinking of shutting down the Showcase Saturday and Coding Challenge Sunday events.</li><li>It might be put on hold until the semester starts but nospace is trying to gauge interest.</li><li>If you are still interested in these events, let him know.</li></ul><h3 id=investment>Investment</h3><ul><li>Ray Davidson may be interested in sponsoring Computer Club.</li><li>He is coming to Computer Club July 28th.</li><li>For more information, check the following links:<ul><li><a href=http://www.nationalccdc.org/>http://www.nationalccdc.org/</a></li><li><a href=http://www.meetup.com/ZooSec-Kalamazoo-Michigan-InfoSec-Meetup/>http://www.meetup.com/ZooSec-Kalamazoo-Michigan-InfoSec-Meetup/</a><ul><li>This event is on July 22nd.</li></ul></li></ul></li></ul></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>