<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 02/03/2005 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 02/03/2005</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2005-02-03>February 3, 2005</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><p>Computer Club meeting minutes for 2/3/05<br>Members present: Eric, Tim, Joe, Chris, Joe W., Adam, Matthew<p></p><ol><li><p>Gratitude to Tim, Tim&rsquo;s dad, Isaac, Chris and Joe for the work in the
office.<br>The office now has shelf space and it looks really nice. Some books, sadly,
were thrown out. So we do know how to sacrifice. Several &lsquo;70&rsquo;s area theses
hit the trash.<p></p></li><li><p>The LAN party rooms are officially reserved.<br>We need ports for the room for VLANing on the day. We will also need the ports
for the spillover space. We will need to have Computer Club staff in the
spillover room if we need it.<p></p></li></ol><p>In addition to the three rooms with the breakaway walls, we will have the
overflow room now. A question was asked about using a computer for
announcements. The subject was debated. Having an Xbox area in the overflow
room was also discussed.<p></p><p>Joe, Tim and Bryan will have designs for the flyers and Bryan will work on the
web site, WHATISTHEPLAN.COM.<p></p><p>Joe will spam all of the people who came to the last LAN party. Matthew will
post on psychorage about it.<p></p><p>Joe will also advertise it on the BroncoWeb.<p></p><ol start=3><li><p>Joe is going to get the key to the display case.<br>We want to put up a display about our presentations.<p></p></li><li><p>Chris brought up a topic touched on last week about a general chat
session<br></p></li></ol><p>Meetings have become club-business oriented affair. Advertising was discussed.
Tim asked how we advertise. Joe responds that we put up flyers about our
presentations. Various recruitment ideas were discussed. A vote was taken for
something, but the secretary has no idea what was voted on. We&rsquo;re going to
have a geek social next week.<p></p><ol start=5><li>Adjourned at 6:45 PM.</li></ol></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>