---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 11/07/1996"
date: 1996-11-07
---
Computer Club meeting:  November 7,1996 </p><p>
1. Members present: steve, tim, chris, darren, darron, lara </p><p>
2. New goodies: 	-nickels and snickers 	-an argument has been made as to the price of snickers bars 	 present price is $.65 suggested price $.75.  The bigger bars 	 are getting more and more expensive. 	-get smaller candy bars and smaller size m&m's 	-have someone do an inventory on the amount of goodies we 	 have to keep track of which items sell and then possibly 	 put those that do not sell that well on sale. </p><p>
3. Jay has spoken, "keep the office clean". So let it be written, 	so let it be done. </p><p>
4. Looking for volunteers to help the CS105 students who have  	problems with their home pc.  System types and OS's will 	of course differ, if you have a preference or specialty 	let Tim know.  Those interested contact 	tim miley. </p><p>
5. There's no business like show business... 	commercial ideas are still wanted.  Your chance at stardom 	are fading away if scripts and/or ideas are not proposed. 	Who knows, if it's good...it will be...we may go national. 	Actor, director, writer positions available. </p><p>
6. Darron is looking to get with people on the BBS system, Ian has 	been looking at various other BBS's getting ideas as to what 	would be interesting for ours. </p><p>
7. POV: 	-Suggestion...doing graphics in POV but translate that over to  	 lightwave   	-For a test project, Tim suggested rendering the hallway  	 from the computer club to the elevator.  Next week,  	 measurements will be taken provided a tape measure is found. </p><p>
8.  Meeting came to a screeching halt at 6:34 pm. </p>
