---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 10, 1996"
date: 1996-10-10T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 1996
filename: "19961010"
---

Computer Club Meeting:   Oct 10, 1996 </p><p>
1.  Members present:  steve, tim, darron, darron, kim, ian </p><p>
2.  Actors wanted... 	Jay introduced an idea of a cable access commercials on Linux, 	promoting the linux operating system.  Scripts, actors, 	directors, ideas wanted.  Any one interested talk to Tim. </p><p>
3.  BYOPS: 	Bring Your Own Plastic Silverware to the next meeting.  The person 	who brings the most silverware to the next meeting will get 	a 2.5 meg increase in their account quota. Last place, person 	who brings nothing, will be forced to eat the TREET, ( pine 	bark for vegetarians).  A free pop to one who brings the 	greatest quality/quantity of Silverware. </p><p>
4.  Job possibility: 	The geography dept. is looking for someone to work around 	10 hours a week or more configuring/managing Windows NT  	server/client.  Also , some work with Solaris 2.5 systems on  	Sparc ULTRA 1s.  Interested? contact Tim Miley.  </p><p>
5.  Free Pizza and Beer!! 	Ozz is moving his office.  People needed to help move. 	Interested?  Contact ozz@yakko.cs.wmich.edu. Starts at 	3 p.m. at Park Trade Center this Friday, Oct 11. </p><p>
6.  Timer: 	The timer is still here.  This is not cool. But tonight 	is the night.  Tim is going through it tonight, if you 	have any concerns, contact Tim quickly. </p><p>
7.  Money, money, money, money... 	A little over $200.00 was deposited into our account.  	 8.  Warning...Those who have not paid for their account on Yakko 	will become subject to Tim's wrath!!!!  This is a bad thing! </p><p>
9.  Office cleaning next week Saturday in the afternoon, followed 	by a pizza party.   </p><p>
10.  Meeting ended 6:30 pm.  	 </p>
