---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 31, 1996"
date: 1996-10-31T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 1996
filename: "19961031"
---

Computer Club Meeting:   Oct 31, 1996 0 EVE!!!! </p><p>
1.  Members present:  steve, ann, darren, lara, jake, kim, james, chris, mike </p><p>
2.  Steve acting as temp president and darren acting as temp secretary </p><p>
3.  POV project - Mike reports that there is apparently some sort of simulation on the MacII's in Bernhard, and that there is a database of the campus on Autocad, also "somewhere".  This project, to create a virtual walk through campus in movie form.  It is probably not viably implementable  with POV, so other packages were discussed, like Lightwave. </p><p>
4.  MESHKIN SHAVED!!!!! Is it the end of the world? Who knows, he has a cleft though.  It 0 is 0.   </p><p>
5.  The Commercial - ideas were thrown around.   </p><p>
6.  The BBS - Darren asked for help.  Ian disappeared. </p><p>
7.  The idea of adding a coffee-pot to the selection of saleable items, selling the coffee, not the pot of course.  Also the idea of importing a pencil sharpener to the office was brought up.  Since there is no pencil sharpener in Dunbar, it would be a good draw to get people into the office so they know about what we sell.  Marketing you know. </p><p>
8.  Hardware report - memory is on the way, in about a week; 64 megs for yakko. </p><p>
9.  Jay went south of the border to get a ton of pop, we are restocked and ready to take on the world. </p><p>
10. Lots of people played the mud. </p><p>
11. Susan Sanders: 	Susan showed up at 7:00 pm.  This is the time **TIM** told her to visit.  All is forgiven Susan.  Tim...you're on the %&@# list. 	1.  basically, the computer club is interested and will probably getting involved in establishing help sessions for CS105 students.  Involved will be visiting the students at their homes in groups of at least two CClub members and helping them with any problems they may have with University computing services ( i.e kermit, netscape, etc) as well as simple computing problems on their pc. 	2. A list will be passed around at the next meeting for those interested in this endeavour, times they have free and pc's they are familiar with. 	3. Price for each session...possibly $10 per hour, minimum $5 if it takes less than 30 minutes to complete. 	3. The idea of selling blank disks and disk cases to these students was  also brought up.  She has over 800 students, all of whom need disks.    	4. Ideas welcome, comments encouraged.  Let Tim or Steve know. </p><p>
12. The meeting had the kibosh put on it at 6:30 pm. </p><p>
</p>
