---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 20, 1997"
date: 1997-03-20T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 1997
filename: "19970320"
---

Computer Club meeting :  March 20, 1997 </p><p>
1.  Members present : steve, tim, darron, terrance, steve fox,  	martin, mike, ian, jay, james (proxy for donald), craig, 	darron, kim </p><p>
2.  The scoop about our web space : 	-Monday, yakko was booted off the network for 5 hours some 	 time in the morning.  Dr. Nelson later informed Ken Theis 	 to remove our web pages per order of Richard Wright.   	 Apparently, a directive was issued 5 years ago stating 	 that student web pages are restricted due to bandwidth  	 problems.  However, finding this documentation seems to  	 be a problem.   	-The k-12 parent : 	   Basically, all this was started by a parent searching the 	   web (we think key-wording sex or nudity whatever) and  	   running across a C-Club members OWN home page in which a 	   tasteful black and white photo of THEMSELF was posted.  She 	   became irate and called Richard Wright.  From here, he passed  	   judgment, claiming that he hadn't known about our web 	   page activities, and issued a disable command through 	   to Dr. Nelson.        	-Bandwidth issues : 	   The university is currently connected to a T1 line that 	   connects us to the internet and has a trans rate of 1.544 	   million bits per second.  The word is that this line is  	   operating at only about 30%.   	-Wright's decision : 	     He seems to think that all the traffic goes through 	   tigger, slowing it down, slowing the modems down and 	   taking up too much disk space on tigger. 	     He wants to moves us to the DOSAWEB server in the            office of student services if we are to even have a            web page.              Basically he doesn't want us to have our own web space 	   for student accounts.  We can keep Yakko's web page, but 	   that is it for right now.  He doesn't think it is fair for 	   us to have pages and not everyone else.  So for 6 months 	   until the University can offer student web pages, we won't 	   be able to activate ours, maybe not at all, since the  	   university won't have control over our pages. 	-Our immediate response : 	   Tim, jay and others within the C-Club immediately got on 	   the phone trying to get in touch with Wright.  When  	   contact was finally reached a day and 1/2 later, Wright 	   was not too friendly, nor willing to talk reasonably to  	   either jay or tim.  We are also in touch with channel 3,  	   the Western Herald, soon the Kalamazoo Gazette, students 	   from various Universities, and CS faculty. 	   Letters have been written and delivered to Diether Haenicke 	   and various others concerning this matter.  Yakko's  	   web pages has gotten a complete overhaul,     </p><p>
	-What else is being done : 	   Tomorrow, a meeting between Wright, Dr. Nelson and Dr. 	   Trenary is arranged to talk this out.  More information 	   will come out of this meeting. </p><p>
	-What you can do about this : 	    Write letters, talk to people.  But do it in reference 	    to you personally.  Talk about how this effects you and 	    how angry you are.  Don't make it about the Computer Club 	    specifically. </p><p>
	    PLEASE DO NOT DO ANYTHING MALICIOUS (you know what I mean). 	    WE ARE TRYING TO HANDLE THIS 	    IN A PROFESSIONAL MANNER. WE ARE GOING TO KEEP THE PRESSURE 	    ON UNTIL THIS SITUATION IS RESOLVED. </p><p>
	    Copy the disclaimers other universities put on their web  	    pages to warm them of the content within.  Mail them to us. </p><p>
	    Get a list of Doctoral 1 colleges who offer student pages. </p><p>
	-Tim wants bio-records for everyone in the club (phone numbers 	 addresses ) just in case we are yanked off the system so that 	 we will be able to get in touch with everyone. 	        	-The bottom line : 	    This week, we got about 40,000 web hits.  But since you  	    really can't count on campus hits, we may have had only 	    really 10,000.  So bandwidth doesn't seem the real issue. 	     	    The real issue is control.  They want control over the  	    computer club. </p><p>
	    We are handling this situation as tackfully as possible, 	    we want it resolved as soon as possible.  If the time comes 	    where talks are getting no where, we will take more  	    drastic action.    </p><p>
3.  Future projections for the Computer Club 	-IN the next two years, we will need to spend about $200-300 	 on network stuff (is. a hub, network cards, etc), so we 	 need to put away some reserve funds now. </p><p>
4.  An idea was raised about the Club volunteering to do all the web 	server stuff for the University.  We would set up the accounts 	for free. We could get the initial money from the university to 	 set this up and then pay it back later. </p><p>
5.  A word about Alt-groups : 	Someone at the meeting brought up the question as to why the 	computer club doesn't offer Alt-groups.  Basically, they use up	         more traffic, more messages, and more bandwidth.  Alt-groups 	need extremely fast hard drives, and that is something we don't 	 have.  Maybe sometime in the future we will have the resources 	to operate a few groups, but right now, our systems can't handle 	it. </p><p>
6.  Meeting ended 7:28 pm.		 		"So let it be written, so let it be done." </p>
