---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/30/1997"
date: 1997-01-30
---
Computer Club Meeting :  Jan 30, 1997 </p><p>
1.  Members present :  steve, tim, darron, ian, jay, chris, john, craig, chris, 			mike, steve, john, norm.  </p><p>
2.  Smile for the cameras... 	Jay has again proposed the notion of producing a commercial on 	cable access t.v.  We need scripts, ideas, people etc. 	Thinking about promoting linux and possibly selling the commercial on 	VHS tapes to others. 	   Ideas:  		1) feuding laptop...Win 95, Linux, etc 		2) Office worker rubbing fellow co-worker about being 		   done with his project because he was using Linux 	Write your script in any old text file and send it to the Jay or the C-Club, 	act it out at the next meeting, do what ever...it's totally open to suggestion. </p><p>
3.  A notion was mentioned about creating various shareware programs.     A Win 95 ftp distribution utility was suggested.  Those interested in getting     involved, contact 'tmiley'. </p><p>
4.  We are tearing Yakko apart today and whipping it into shape. 	New version, old bugs, password security, etc. will be cleaned up. Cross your 	fingers, hold your breath, do a dance... </p><p>
5.  James Nelli.... 	You are responsible for cleaning the coke bath off the walls of the  	C-Club office and the poor VT who probably deserved it anyway. </p><p>
6.  The Constitution 	It is done, ratification by the members is needed.  Thinking about 	email voting.  The new constitution is on the web.  Take a look.  If 	you have any strong feeling one way or the other, email 'tmiley'. </p><p>
7.  Meeting ended promptly at 6:38 pm.  Live long and perspire.    </p>
