---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 10, 1998"
date: 1998-09-10T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Computer Club Meeting Minutes 9/10/1998 </p><p>
Members present: Darron Christian, Wesley Leonard, The Ghost of Jay Ball, Rebecca Palen, Ozz, Issac Rzonca, John Barber.   </p><p>
1) Looking for help with tutoring kids.   </p><p>
2) Need to recruit.  We need to advertise.  Wes got us into the phone book. We'll be in Glances.  Possibly an advertisement on cs motd. </p><p>
3) Business/fundraising op.  Someone from Excel contacted us about hooking up with Excel communications.  Possibly making money for club.  Ozz suggests this is a Tupperware version of Long Distance.  Pyramid Scheme?  *yuck*  A 1-900-XXX-SEXX line would be more acceptable.  Maybe a porn site?  No...we tried that!  :^) </p><p>
4) Listbot list called cclub newsletter.  To subscribe, contact http://cclub_newsletter.listbot.com.  Maybe we need a few new aliases, like president, etc. </p><p>
5) Treasurer's report: $60 from stuff sale and $570 from coursepacks.   </p><p>
6) Linux install party next week:  We need to advertise in Glances. RSVP.  Ozz says we can get a few disks burned.  We will try to advertise with CS dept. Somebody needs to make up signs and stick them on campus NOW.  Food: pop & snacks.  Bring your own machine or hard drive (preferably the whole machine). </p><p>
7) More office hours.  We could use them.  CS people don't wake up early, so not a big deal for morning.  :^)   </p><p>
8) Cleaning...the office is a total STY.  Cleaning is not difficult...give it a try. </p><p>
9) ACM competition.  Ozz detailed some benefits of joining programming team. Sep 16-17 from 5-8 PM.  Let's bring some people in and blow Kapenga's mind. </p><p>
10) We should notify some cs profs about coursepacks.  It is probably a good idea to let the CS dept know that we can sell them.  No reason to stop at CS. </p><p>
11) CS web page.  Kaminski may need help.  Paul contacted Kaminski with an offer to help. </p><p>
12) Peirce.  We need to deliver a security report on our current situation. </p><p>
13) Sun 3 workstations.  Selling DEC crap would be bad, since lose money in shipping.   </p><p>
14) Web pages issue.  Contact El Presidente Elson Floyd. </p><p>
15) IEEE.  Let's open dialogue.   </p><p>
16) Forwarding account XXX@alum.wmich.edu for those who graduate.  Call up the Alumni Assoc and sell them on the idea.   </p><p>
17) Adjourned at 7:03.  Jay votes we go to Pilsen Club, get loaded, and spend club money.  Leonard, Jay says HELLO. </p><p>
</p>
