---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 18, 1999"
date: 1999-02-18T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Present:  Ozz, prez, Timmy, Nike, (the Secretary - proof of this is left as an exersize for the reader) Isaac, Rebecca, "The better Half", Joe and someone else, "The lesser Half". </p><p>
Wes says we'll get excited when we go look at the N-cube in about 15min. </p><p>
Wes talked to a WSA -or almost talked to a WSA candidate who is interested in getting student web pages. </p><p>
</p><p>
The better half says she is interested in jumping through WSA hoops to garner money.  Tim explains that the process starts with a form and proceeds to a presentation on how the money will be used for an educational purpose. </p><p>
Infamous install party. Money falls from heaven... Or val-hala etc. </p><p>
The install party is on for next week.  Ozz comments that subliminal messages have been sent, but wants concrete information to pass on. Wes will provide this to Ozz tonight. </p><p>
A sale is made. </p><p>
Klug has moved again. To the Adult Community Education Center on Westnege and Vine and the parking is on the street before Vine which is "Dutton I think".  </p><p>
Ozz suggests that Wes offer to requisition a classroom for their use (Tuesday). </p><p>
The install party is ON. One week from tonight Minus 15 minutes. The date according to Tim is Feb 25, 6:00 pm meet at 4154 Dunbar. Refreshments CD's.  $10 for Club membership, $2 for CD, (Must purchase together. Will install for free, though must purchase the cd if user wants to keep it. </p><p>
</p><p>
Fascinating Idea on the Install Manual, possibly we could print it out and copy it for distribution\sale at the Party and/or on a running basis. </p><p>
Isaac and Wes have a side discussion about Copy-Left. </p><p>
</p><p>
Party: RSVP people who are bringing machines and\or want CD's... Rsvp to officers@yakko.cs.wmich.edu. </p><p>
Other ideas: 	Voice mail for the club since we now have a modem. Next week project. </p><p>
</p><p>
Ozz begins a story about last summer.  Last summer we had a hacker and a spat with the UCC. IN an effort to look more responsible we set up process accounting on yakko, basically a log of every command by users on yakko. Then in a security breach we could find out who has been doing what. Anyhow - the key was an audit trail.  So, ozz zipped it and asks to set up a cron job to kill them in a reasonable time. Maybe 6 months. </p><p>
Isaac announces a new member - procrastinated till after the N-cube visit. </p><p>
</p><p>
Chicago trip is set for an all day trip Saturday March 6th.  </p><p>
Tentative  </p><p>
Isaac, Tim, Pacd, Olorun. </p><p>
Finances: </p><p>
Cash Box 161.84. Spent $20 Course Pack Printing. Total $141.84 remaining. </p><p>
Ozz asked about total net worth = something like $12-1300. Complete. </p><p>
</p><p>
No Game Progress. :(  </p><p>
</p><p>
Isaac and Wes start another side conversation. </p><p>
Everyone trundles off to look at N-Cube... minutes finished by frogfarm. over and out. </p><p>
</p>
