---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 16, 1999"
date: 1999-09-16T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Minutes: </p><p>
Present:  Pacd, Ozz, Olorun, Tmiley, Isaac, Camber, Matt, Morgan, Rich, jphilli, Matts, </p><p>
New Vice President of Information Technology announced:  Viji Murali coming to us from Arizona. 	A warm welcome is in order.  </p><p>
KLUG has given us surplus "Free Stuff" A stack of SuSe Linux Cd's - what do we want to do with these? Caldera CD's also available. Mandrake Linux, Openlinux, Suse </p><p>
Many free samples, bumber stickers etc, etc, stickers handed out. </p><p>
Coming... LINUX INSTALL PARTY  204 Bernhard Center  6:30 pm Next Thursday.  That means we sell CD's and memberships together for $12 or just CD's to members for $2. Pizza and pop if permissable in Bernhard Center. </p><p>
</p><p>
ACM Programming Contest Competition held in Canada, Overall a fun time. Scored on length of time to submit and correctness. A team of 3 people and 1 computer get to try and solve 5 problems. Trip to Canada, all expenses paid, possible Europe based on performance. </p><p>
Ozz announces that he likes robots... GSAC, OSA. Might not be too hard to put a community outreach angle on a proposal.  Timetable of about a month.   Must be phrased in a way that garners publicity for WMU.   </p><p>
A talk about Perl has needs a new time due to conflict with Linux install Party.!?! (Are you reading this Jettero?) </p><p>
Ozz gives a brief history of time - actually just the web pages history of our University. </p><p>
I wanna go see the Matrix. </p><p>
Meeting adjourned 6:50pm </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p>
