---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 11, 1999"
date: 1999-03-11T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 1999
filename: "19990311"
---

Present: Ozz Pacd, Olorun, Isaac, Nike, Jettero, Cadium, Poetic, Christine, Ironhard. </p><p>
Item 1:  Wes ponders a good idea...  Isaac volunteers to lend some hardware to club for cd's, burning and listening.  P60 (Gateway) motherboard  8mb ram. </p><p>
800mb for (Junkfood) 400,500mb from Wes ?=$50 </p><p>
</p><p>
Item 2: Keyboard Swap for Hologram. </p><p>
Item 3: We want a Sign for window. </p><p>
Item 4: Vax news Wes sold 7 @$50 a peice. </p><p>
$$$ Report Cash box $74.15 $30 Accounts $2 Cd's  $100 Course Packs $355 Vax Stations </p><p>
New      = $487 Total    = $561.15 </p><p>
Total Net Worth ?=1584.73 </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
Linux Journal has been subscribed to - they will be available in the office. </p><p>
Voice Mail is operational, the code for checking is also in the office. There is no light for messages - check often. </p><p>
Web Page - Online form for registering new members. Post Jobs -Online </p><p>
Isaac announces a new minutes page. </p><p>
Want a Linux install party web site. </p><p>
Course packs - intend to continue sales.   	Want a 1:1 representative between profs and the club. 	Keep masters out of sight. 	Refund Policy is - ALL SALES ARE FINAL. </p><p>
Hardware Liquidations... Need some ideas on how to accomplish these things. </p><p>
Idea of swapping hardware with other computer clubs...(who?) </p><p>
Print Server, this tuesday - the klug meeting will be about printing. 7:00pm. </p><p>
Klug on campus - need a room requisition form with a cover-letter explaining why it is  good idea etc. - Do  it the official way. </p><p>
3 Fun items. </p><p>
New ideas - Granola Bars - Whatchamacallits - Vending machine with popcorn and microwave. </p><p>
Coffee Maker idea. Coffee of the month club for $10 Divalia.  </p><p>
Elections  - 1 month .   Nominations:  Nike nominates self for Treasurer. (Student? Interning.) 	      Ozz nominates self for VP. (Student - till thesis\job) Nominations:  Wes - would like to be VP with new prez... (Student -Spring 2000) Nominations:  Ozz nominated for Prez. 	      Wes nominates self for vp. 	      Olorun nominates self for Secretary.(Student - Dec '99) 	      Christine nominates self for vp of finance.(Student - Spring) </p><p>
Movie Party in a few weeks - form will be going on page. Suggestions:  Star Wars Straight Through. Open to public. Bring Memberships and CD's. Do it on Film in Miller? Do it through CAB? </p><p>
8:00 Meeting Adjourned... </p><p>
</p><p>
</p>
