---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 3, 2000"
date: 2000-02-03T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2000
filename: "20000203"
---

Thursday, February 3, 2000 Minutes by Zaphod </p><p>
Members Present:  oz, pacd, zaphod, tmiley, magoo, phorceph </p><p>
Order of Business: </p><p>
1. Unitrac possibly willing to dontate laptops to the club for tax credit </p><p>
2. Lunch with Viji Murali, VP of IT regarding student webpages.   She is working on it.  Lawyers are working on conditions of use  policies for web pages.  Club to supply our policies to her as example. Student web pages are on the way!  They will hopefully be available by next fall. </p><p>
3.  Treasurer's report. Camber is gone.   Pacd says there are aprox. $720 in the bank.  We'll get an update next week. </p><p>
4.  More possible sources for project money.  Tune in next week for more info.          5.  Chris's speaker idea.  He's working on it.  Chances are we can  cover it (see no. 4). </p><p>
6.  Pacd requisitioned additonal mice and a sound card for Yakko.  </p><p>
7.  Immediate personell needs -- Sysadmin -- Finance Officer </p><p>
8.  Web page updates!!!  Wes is still president.  Oh no!!!!   </p><p>
9.  Officer elections in March!!!! We elect everbody in March!!!  Note:  Look up what officer positions exist and what they do.  If you have friends who are hard working and/or breathe nominate them soon!!! </p><p>
10.  Magoo presents a booklet containg human resource info for many many companies.  Someday we may all get real jobs. If you want to see, there is a copy in the office. </p><p>
11.  Next movie party to be a DVD party.   </p><p>
12.  Adjounred 18:56 </p><p>
          </p>
