---
title: "Meeting Minutes - November 1, 2001"
date: 2001-11-01T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Start: 6:31pm </p><p>
End: 7:03pm </p><p>
Members Present: Rattles, Pacd, Zaphod, ZRodger, Keith, Jester, Ajax, Serenity, moxjake, darktyco, nixon, Cimbre </p><p>
1. PayPal policy change: no credit card transfers so we're going to drop our PayPal account.  We'll see what kinds of surcharges they have though. </p><p>
2. Laptop rant: Wes is looking for a laptop without XP on it.  In other words, he's looking for an <a href="http://www.affordablecomputers.com">Affordable Computer</a>. </p><p>
3. Partition Magic and Windows XP are not very compatible when you install XP off of a recovery disk. So the plan is to check out the newer version of Partition Magic, possible via funding from GSAC. <b>Reminder: Get quote and request funding from GSAC in December</b> </p><p>
4. Who wants to go see <u>The One</u>?  EVERYONE!!! Yay, let's go watch a movie! </p><p>
5. Collection for a new monitor for Yakko.  Anne Marie had the idea.  But we definitely want a 17" at least. </p><p>
6. The money presentation thing would have been today.  We can get money for operating expenses  (~$200-300).  Speaker money up to about $1000 is a slam dunk.  Money for a library could get us about $300-400.  Rodger thinks the request would need to be made by the first Thursday in December. </p><p>
7. Project statuses.  Wes emailed Isaac about refining the graphics.  We have project mailing lists up.  We could always use more content.  Wes started a Linux Install Party page. </p><p>
8. Is it wrong to say "booch" in front of women? </p><p>
9. We should announce more formally that users can have web pages. </p><p>
10. John wants to know why he likes to put live chickens in his pants? </p><p>
11. We still need to get out a thank-you letter to Viji... </p><p>
12. What are we going to do with the Evil Tank? </p><p>
13. Our webcam is on the way and Wes can probably get it up and running some time next week.  Sweet! </p>
