---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 13, 2001"
date: 2001-09-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Start: 6:35pm </p><p>
End: 7:06pm </p><p>
Members Present: Rattles, Zaphod, ZRodger, Phorceph, soloa, others </p><p>
1. Webpage still needs a couple of touch-ups but other than that it looks pretty good. </p><p>
2. The donated WIDR machine is ready to be configured.  Wes just needs to pick it up and bring it in... </p><p>
3. People to administer mailing list.  Anne Marie volunteered for the job. </p><p>
4. We need to go out and get snacks and pop.  Erik must come along because he has the Sams Club card. </p><p>
5. Treasurer's Report: Anne Marie says we have money. </p><p>
6. We should start taking nominations for officer positions: </p><p>
President: Matt<br> Vice President: Mike, James Clark<br> Treasurer: Anne Marie<br> Secretary: Erik<br> Finance: Rodger<br> Publicity: John Eckhardt<br> Webmaster: Isaac, Wes<br> System Administrator: Matt, Chad x 2<br> Mailing List Administrator: Anne Marie<br> Vice President of Robot Heads (Project Administrator): Wes<br> </p><p>
7. It's official, we're ordering pizza </p><p>
8. Rodger got the RSO fliers ready to go.  He gets a free T-shirt for his good deeds. </p><p>
9. At the GSAC meeting Rodger suggested giving departments via GSAC mailing lists.  Move to give GSAC $5 lists was passed. </p><p>
10. Meeting adjourned. </p>
