---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 18, 2001"
date: 2001-10-18T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2001
filename: "20011018"
---

Start: 6:17pm </p><p>
End: 6:46pm </p><p>
Members Present: Zaphod, Keith, Rattles, Phorce Phed, Pacd, Myke, Jester, Others </p><p>
1. The Computer Club Members page is up!  You can go there and enter your username and stuff and change your info.  Click this <a  href="http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/members/">link</a>.  Now we need suggestions for services to put on the members page to get people to use this feature. Webmail, web-based news reader, etc.  Go to the member page, check it out, and let us know what you think. </p><p>
2. Radar Love -- when two radars love each other very much.  So what is Jungle Love?  You get Jungle Fever from Jungle Love and Jungle Love is what happens after Jungle Boogie... Will Radar Love work in the Jungle?  Yes it will. </p><p>
3. We have a project mailing list created.  People were put on it.  Go to <a href="http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/mailman/listinfo/"> http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/mailman/listinfo/</a>and click on the link if you want to be involved.  Wes is coordinating the projects. </p><p>
4. Another idea thrown out again was putting our website into CVS. </p><p>
5. We need to make a list of things to be done.  On Yakko, the web board, etc. Projects, system administration tasks, etc.  Broadcasting our meetings would be pretty sweet too.  Webpage stats was another idea. </p><p>
6. Do we want separate mailing lists for web people, lists for individual projects?  We should have a separate list for people working on the webpage and Matt will contact KLUG about setting up lists so people can't get on a project list without first getting on the main project list first. </p><p>
7. Isaac had a G3 donated to him and he offered to lend it to us to put linux on it as a learning experience.  Neat. </p><p>
8. 6:42pm -- Pizza arrived. </p><p>
9. Do we want an AS/400 to play with?  Lots of people think it would be neat to play with.  Let's do it!!! </p><p>
10. Treasurer's Report: $40 in cash on hand.  $403.25 in the bank. </p><p>
11. The pizza is good. </p>
