---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 26, 2002"
date: 2002-09-26T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Start: 6:20pm </p><p>
End: 7:05pm </p><p>
Members present: rattles jester zrodger soloa ashish gasioren camber john charlie zaphod  </p><p>
1. Idle chit-chat as the meeting begins. </p><p>
2. This is the first official meeting of the semester. </p><p>
3. WIDR stream destiny, setting up at WIDR will allow direct connection to their equipment and eliminate the need for a walkman. </p><p>
4. Talk of bringing in a speaker in conjunction with cis and gsac to help offset costs. David Brinn was suggested. </p><p>
5. We need a new computer for web browsing, which could be covered with $300 to $400. Another option would be to upgrade pinky with a new monitor and graphics card. We estimate $200 for the upgrade. A local retailer has 17 inch monitors for $109 this week. The club has voted for two. We will also buy one video card, HDD and memory for the machine ed donated. </p><p>
6. Who's going shopping? Ashish and Eric have volunteered. </p><p>
7. Rodger will be giving an Xemacs presentation next week. </p><p>
8. Treasurers report: We made $137 at the install party, plus $100 from gsac for pizza but it cost $100 for pizza and $18 for cd's for a positive net of $19 for the install party. There is $200 to deposit and about $700 in the account. In our GLOW account we have $1350 of which just under $1000 is available for use. The money from bottle returns was used to buy more pop. </p><p>
9. The club will consider starting an ieee computer society student chapter here on campus.</p>
