---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 14, 2002"
date: 2002-03-14T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2002
filename: "20020314"
---

Minutes for March 14, 2002 </p><p>
The Computer Club of WMU </p><p>
Members Present:  moxjake, pacd, ash, ajax, zaphod, zrodger, rattles, tim,  others </p><p>
1. No word back from any potential speakers.  Rodger's suggesting us look into a speaker's group that deals with organizing speakers. </p><p>
2. Wes is a Dutch bigot. </p><p>
3. Fightin' Whities are cool!  Buy a T-shirt </p><p>
4. The Dean is coming next Thursday!  There's a whole list of things that need to be done to the office before then: </p><p>
<ul> <li>Get a folder</li> <li>Rodger's organizing his flier</li> <li>Anything else that'll make the club look good</li> <li>A calendar of events perhaps</li> <li>Stuff that the Club's done/plans to do</li> </ul> </p><p>
5. We need to come up with a list of books to buy for our library.  We've got $200 (GSAC) + $150 (us) to blow here. </p><p>
6. Try to be here on time for the meeting!  Even show up early! </p><p>
7. Cans, someone needs to take them back.  It's official: Jake'll take 'em back. </p><p>
8. Unteryakko: Wes has volunteered a computer to us to use as a replacement (temporarily) for Yakko until we can find out why Yakko is having issues. </p><p>
9. John cancelled his presentation. </p><p>
10. Nothing's changed with Algostore. </p><p>
11. Matt's in the process of creating a Yakko's Administration Document.  He's about a page into it.  He'll send out the Chapters as he completes them for review. </p><p>
12. Rants, raves, and naked mice: </p><p>
<ul> <li> KLUG moved to the Chamber of Commerce building downtown.  We'll have to update our links to reflect this.  <a href="http://www.kalamazoolinux.org"> www.kalamazoolinux.org</a> for more info. </li> <li> Something's broken with MySQL access via Perl on Yakko... will look into. </li> <li> Third-level tech support is equivalent to God </li> <li> WorldCom in Grand Rapids doesn't answer their phone </li> </ul> </p><p>
13. Treasurer's Report: </p><p>
$1,500 in the WMU account<br> $1,100 in our bank account<br> We're loaded! </p>
