---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 17, 2005"
date: 2005-03-17T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Computer Club minutes for 3/17/05<br>
Members present: Tim, Joe, Eric, Adam, Joe W., Miles, Matt R., Brian, Chris,
Isaac<p>

1> LAN Stuff<br>
Not able to get the other room, but we still have D205-207.  Jim Cotton has
been contacted.  Melissa and Eric have again agreed to provide food, but are
scaling it back this time.  <p>

Flyer posting has begun.  Brian recruited some folks to post.  We got the
flyers approved.  Prizes were discussed.  <p>

Last time, we had $50 gift cert. and $25 for second place and a $50 door prize.
They were Best Buy GCs.  Do this again?  <p>

Server machines and games were also discussed.  Machines from Parkview are
available.  Last time, the tournaments were a bit chaotic.  <p>

Matt advises us to advertise the prizes early in order to attract vistors.
Eric recommends $50, 25 and 10 for third prize.  Joe recommends we wait until
next Thursday before we decide on prizes.  Brian suggested that we set a top
limit budget for prizes.  Eric suggests we not specify exact prizes but just
talk about how much total.  Over $100 in prizes.<p>

Game limitations were also discussed.  Brian asked if the game was running too
long.  Eric suggested double-elimination, one-on-one.  <p>

10 reservations since the site started yesterday.  Parkview display screen
should be updated.  Psychorage should also be updated, as should BroncoWeb.<p>

Cotton still has the VLAN scripts.<p>

The XBox LAN thing is not going to happen.  Joe W. suggests that some people
already expect an XBox LAN game.  So we may let them run those games if they
wish.  The people who know about it can play, but we won't advertise.  We can
leave XBox LANning for Plan 4.<p>

2> Inventory for LAN rooms<br>
Joe told John that we will do it on Friday night.  We have to verify that the
VLAN and DHCP will be done, then we record any broken equipment so that we
don't get blamed for broken things.<p>

Will we have a summer LAN party?  Joe will not be here, but some will.  General
discussion ensued on whether we want a LAN party in summer.<p>

3> What should the CCLUB do to increase membership<br>
Brian leads the discussion.  Brian summarizes the general ideas.  Discussions
centered around electrical engineering and some more (ahem!) shady stuff.<p>

Eric recommends that we try to recruit younger students.  We need to have
officer candidates.  Tim asks how we advertise?  Joe points out that, despite
putting up flyers, people don't seem to be interested.  Brian suggests hat we
expand our technology presentations to things not covered by classes.<p>

Eric points out that we only advertise at Parkview.  We don't advertise outside
of this area.  Brian volunteers to distribute flyers around main campus.

Eric reminds us that we got our presentation schedule set for the semester in
advance.  We had a lot more support from faculty.  Some professors would
mention our presentations.  Most students don't use their CS email now, so
sending email is more likely pointless.

Brian suggests a topic on Nintendo mods might be more interesting.  Should the
meetings be moved to Parkview?


