---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 1, 2005"
date: 2005-09-01T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2005
filename: "20050901"
---

Computer Club meeting minutes for 09/01/05<br>
   9 attended: Ed, Miles, Joe W, Joe G, Eric, Greg, Matt, Isaac and Brian<br>
<br>
meeting started at 6:15PM<br>
<b>review and current events:</b><br>
we revised what has happened over the summer with Joe G. Our current President.<br>
We discussed the Lan party, Ham stuff, and the website refacing.<br>
<br>
A magnet school is looking asking for us to organize an after school project using object orientation.<br>
We have no idea of what we'd do, and what times.  Eric suggests we do a webdesign class.<br>
<br>
Eric will be e-mail Joe G. a proposal for the webdesign class, to give to Ron.<br>
<br>
<b>Officer review:</b><br>
Joe G. - Exec. President.<br>
Matt R. - Exec. Vice President.<br>
Ed - Treasurer.<br>
Miles - VP of finance.<br>
Melissa - VP of catering.<br>
Brian - Sys Admin, Pres of Advertisement.<br>
<br>
Brian needs a fliar to be handed out to Teachers for students.<br>
Joe W. will bring Slackware 10.1 discs for the linux install party.<br>
Ed will try to obtain keys for labs in Kohrman.<br>
We will discuss where will have the install party after next weeks presentation.<br>
<br>
<b>Presentations:</b><br>
Advanced Linux text editing. Brian : Vi Miles : Emacs<br>
Chris was possibly the individual who will host the Unix usage presentation.<br>
Joe W. wants to do a presentation on Usage of Transparent images and the web.<br>
Joe G. will be giving a presentation on Hula.<br>
<br>
<b>Club matters:</b><br>
Poster board will need to be recreated next week with the new fall calander.<br>
Someone from the Kalamazoo Gazzette has e-mailed Brian mentioning he wants to write an article on
LAN partys and the culture.<br>
<br>
Joe W. needs to start focusing on discussion with Local Sponsors, as well as Brian needs to start focusing on National sponsors for the LAN.<br>
The dates are set internally, however none official, so we will just be advertising the events.<br>
<br>
We will sustain form communicating across our next LAN til' the end of September.<br>
Joe G. is being revised of the yakko outages.<br>
<br>
We are having issues with Ed. being the only physical access to Yakko.<br>
1. We move the server into the CS server room, where it's cooler and more reliably.<br>
2. We discuss with Jim Cotton to get a static IP with open ports in the office.<br>
<br>
Brian suggest doing 1 right away, and work on 2 in the future.<br>
<br>
Joe G. Casted a vote for moving the server.<br>
all voted for 1.<br>
6 voted to work on 2 in a long term manner.<br>
We advised Joe G. of the Friar.<br>
The account is having issues, and we need to discuss with the individuals on gettig the account situated.<br>
Greg and Jason have paid there dues and become official members.<br>
<br>
meeting ajourned at 7:20pm<br>
