---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 7, 2005"
date: 2005-04-07T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2005
filename: "20050407"
---

Computer Club meeting minutes for 2005-04-07<br>
Members present: Eric, Tim, Joe W., Miles, Joe, Matt R., Brian, Jason, Kaitlin<p>

1) Elections<br>

Nominations:<br>
 Joe G. for president<br>
 Matt R, Miles for VP<br>
 Ed for treasurer<br>
 Brian for secretary<br>
 Joe W. for webmaster<br>
 Brian for advertising<br>
 Joe G., Adam for sysadmin<p>

 Tim adds a nomination of Miles for treasurer<br>
 Eric added Joe W. for Secretary<br> 
 Tim adds a nomination of Brian for Sysadmin<p>
 
Election results:<br>
President: Joe G. (6), Abstain (2)<br>
Vice-Pres: Matt R (4), Miles (3), Abstain (1)<br>
Secretary: Joe W (6), Brian (1), Abstain (1)<br>
Treasurer: Ed (3), Miles (3), Abstain (2)<br>
Webadmin: Joe W. (4), Abstain (4)<br>
Advertising: Brian (7), Abstain (1)<br>
Sysadmin: Adam (1), Joe G (1), Brian (6)<p>

New lineup:<br>
President: Joe G.<br>
Vice-Pres: Matt R.<br>
Secretary: Joe W.<br>
Treasurer: Ed<br>
VP Finance: Miles<br>
Webadmin: Joe W.<br>
Advertising: Brian<br>
Sysadmin: Brian<p>

2) Hard drive swap<br>
Joe proposes a swap of the backup drive for the empty drive.  The empty drive
has 80 GB.  It's an IDE.  It's used to backup the home dirs and the SQL dir.
Joe wants to do it tomorrow.  Tim advises us to give more advanced warning.
Joe points out that it should take very little time.  It was agreed to.<p>

3) Summer shenanigans<br>
Should we have summer meetings?  Most of the members present agreed that they
would be here.  The summer meeting time will be 7:00 PM on Thursday. We will
take two weeks off for finals and the break week.<br>

4) Penguicon outing/Eric's wedding<br>
Many CCLUB members are going to Penguicon 3.0.  Eric's wedding will also be
around at that time.  Many sci-fi and linux nerds will be present.  The dates
are Friday, April 22nd to Sunday, April 24th. <p>

Eric says he is going to Defcon and is willing to have guests in his room.<p>

5) Plan A<br>
Either Joe G. or Brian is going to reserve the rooms if they can stop arguing
about who is going to do it.<p>

6) Adjourned at 6:50
