---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 23, 2006"
date: 2006-02-23T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2006
filename: "20060223"
---

Computer Club Meeting Minutes for 02/23/06<br>
Users present: Joe G., Joe W, Velex, Brian, Tim, Chris, and Craig.<br>
<br>
<b>Meeting started at 6:19p</b><br>
Miles got the webcam working for display on the web.<br>
We will soon be porting this to the current website.<br>
We had new keys ordered, so if people need them visit Parkview.<br>
Regarding keys for the building, we will need to speak with whomever runs
the building.<br>
No meeting next week!<br>
Joe W. is working on getting March 11th off for the PLAN, if possible he will aid with the consestions.<br>
someone stated they mailed a check more than a month ago to reactivate his account.<br>
We need to keep a watch on the cclub mailbox's.<br>
We need more ice cream and food stuff. We need to make a shopping list.<br>
Chris bought a new coffee pot to replace the crappy old one.<br>
<br>
Tacos.<br>
<br>
More about brain, noone is allowed to touch current brain, til we have the newer hardware.<br>
The prospective schedule for presentations after spring break:<br>
march 9th:  Ruby on rails - Eric<br>
march 16th: Cryptography - Craig<br>
march 23rd: 3D game developement - Joe W and Adam<br>
march 30th: focus on security - Brian and Tim<br>
april 6th:  focus on securtiy 2 - Brian and Tim<br>
april 13th: The creation of beer - prospective<br>
april 20th: preparing for finals - staff<br>
<br>
<b>Adjourned at 6:52p, no meetig or office hours next week.</b><br>
Gallaghers awaits us, with beer and wings.<br>
<br>
