---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 2, 2006"
date: 2006-02-02T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2006
filename: "20060202"
---

Computer Club Meeting Minutes for 1/27/06<br>
11 Members present: Joe G., Joe W, Velex, Eric, Brian, Tim, greg, Matt, Zack, Nick and Craig.<br>
<br>
<b> meeting started 6:12</b><br>
<br>
Brian created a new website for yakko, featuring themes and customization.<br>
The next LAN party was finally approved.  We have a fliar finished and approved.<br> He has already contacted our sponsors and posted on the usual websites for advertising.<br>
Joe G. has asked who had any ideas for advertisements.<br>
Brian had some ideas.<br>
Brian suggested the bus, found a form for educable, and suggests the glances.<br>
We could also get into the slideshow at parkview, or hand out fliars.<br>
The dean was the one supposedly who got us the room.<br>
Brian is going to redo the PLAN website.  It is now on yakko.<br>
Pregistration get's a $5 discount on the PLAN.<br>
He was thinking of having a promotion where students who brought a friend, they would get a discount, or joining the computer club, would get a discount.<br>
New TV, however not so working, but you can't beat free.<br>
NESter is now in the office, Joe W's NES computer is being store in the office, 7/11 members voted yes for the new site.<br>
<br>
Office hours (approximate):<br>
mon. 1p-4p  Joe G.<br>
tue. 1p-4p  Joe G.<br>
wed. 1p-5p  Tim		5p-11p Joe W.<br>
thu. 5p-8p  all<br>
<br>
we need to post something outside the office.<br>
Meeting ajourned to test new brain.<br>
<br>
<b>Adjourned at 6:41.</b><br>
The Roadhouse awaits us, with beer and wings.<br>
