---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 13, 2006"
date: 2006-04-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2006
filename: "20060413"
---

nutes of the Computer club of Western Michigan University<br>
<br>
7 members attending: Joe G., Joe W., Adam, Craig, Miles, Brian, Greg, and Tim.<br>
Minutes started at 6:20p<br>
<br>
in 2 weeks we will be doing nominations.<br>
Please show up.. or as we stated, 'you will be voted into a position'<br>
We have two laptops here that are not working that were brought in by Eric<br>
<br>
LAN party stuff:<br>
March 30th is the dead line for setting dates for the next PLAN B<br>
This LAN party went well, Tim is currently working on counting how much
we made from this years PLAN.<br>
$651 in receipts<br>
We currently do not owe anyone any money, which is good.<br>
<br>
Thanks to the PLAN we are restocked. Now we have things to sell during
the presentation and office hours.<br>
We now also have a price list to avoid any confusion.<br>
<br>
Bawls.<br>
<br>
Minutes closed at 6:50p<br>


Minutes of the Computer club of Western Michigan University<br>
<br>
7 members attending: Joe W., Chris, Velex, Miles, Brian, Matt R, and Tim.<br>
Minutes started at 6:36p<br>
Tim is declaring we need to clean the office, we would also like to go through the old office
and see what's still there.  We need to vacuum indefinitely, Tim states we should do it over
a weekend.<br>
We need to purge ourselves of a lot of useless junk.<br>
Joe W.: Anyone have a Atlhon XP 3200+ they don't need?<br>
Most eveybody will be here during the summer, we would like to
do something over the summer.<br>
Brian is suggesting a more small and private LAN.  Let some of our local people know that 
we are doing it and get together without food and beverage.<br>
we're suggesting no tourney's but no entrance fee.<br>
We need to think about other ways of making income for the club other than the LAN.<br>
We suggested doing a HTML Class and getting students and highschool student,
Chris suggested a class geared towards business on saving money in the IT world. 
We suggested the HTML class would be a great way to recruit members for the club.<br>
We are thinking of doing more mailings<br>
Tim is thinking of snail mail.<br>
Joe W. suggested rallying.<br>
Bronco bash needs to be planned.<br>
Miles mentioned not many people realize the PLAN is the Computer Club,
Joe W. suggested handing out goody bags at the plan with fliers, discounts, candy, etc.<br>
Tim suggested getting a table at an engineering fair.<br>
Joe W. suggested a display table at the Parkview campus.<br>
Brian mentioned in the past he and Joe G. handed out fliers.<br.
We need to do something interesting and different to get us noticed in the Herald.<br>
We have a pernament tag in the glances.<br>
We need to look into reserving the display cases in the birdcage.<br>
That will be our first priority.<br>
2 weeks before the semester starts, we should spam the e-mail list, and hope that they
see it.<br>
Brian suggested we should set up waxy fat to spam call every student.<br>
Chris suggested we should do a video, Joe W. Suggested we create a promo video that can be
used to show off the stuff we do.<br>
We could show this on Educable and possible show it at bronco bash.<br>
Chris mentioned the 30 yr party. We need to do it soon.<br>
We are thinking of doing the party by taking over a restruant.<br>
This will be one of our summer project.<br>
meeting ajourned at 7:13pm<br>
