---
title: "Meeting Minutes - July 12, 2007"
date: 2007-07-12T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2007
filename: "20070712"
---

Members: Ed, Mr. & Mrs. Cameron, Dan, Sean, Matt<br />
<br />
Meeting Started: 6:00PM<br />
Windoze arrives at 6:35... <br />
Matt arrives at 6:38... <br />
<br />
<br />
PLANB is SOON!<strong>JULY 28th!</strong><br />
We need to advertise! Parkview Cafe, Western Herald, Posters?  Free PIZZA!<br />
<br />
Attendees Tab should be working so attendees know what is going on. Plan Website needs banner... <br />
<br />
Get rooms approved and print out the email.  <br />
<br />
Seen Greg?  Sponsors... forums... etc...  CounterStrike?!?! <br />
<br />
Mailing List for Plan Attendees... Auto Response, authorization codes, send emails before the new PLANS! Cameron and Ed are working on it.  <br />
<br />
Whitehat confesses his trans-gender confusion with Malaysian kids and how to pick up chicks.<br />
<br />
Flyers soon - they need to be approved.    <br />
<br />
Who set up the LAN PARTY PORTAL...?<br />
<br />
Concessions? PayPal Pre-regsiter... burritos.  <br />
<br />
If we had a forum we could post and wait for responses.  Or PM each other. A disposable forum box... <br />
<br />
what is the plan dot com has been updated.    <br />
<br />
mstaff - fix PLANB.gif <br />
<br />
SPAM SUCKS! Spam Assassin on Yakko. <br />
<br />
Who is drinking all the Bawls and leaving the cans all over the place?<br />
<br />
webcam doesnt work... hrm<br />
<br />
Vanity number 1-800-CCOWMUS<br />
<br />
dan breaks the remote<br />
<br />
we wait for the arrival of DR.C<br />
<br />
DRC throws mulch at the window... haha<br />
whitehat goes to fetch DRC and then we wonder why DRC didn't just pick the lock... <br />
<br />
Need ports forwarded for VPN!!<br />
<br />
Carrying on to Olde Pen<br />
Meeting Adjourned: 7:40pm<br />
<br />
<br />
