---
title: "Meeting Minutes - August 30, 2007"
date: 2007-08-30T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2007
filename: "20070830"
---

Meeting Started: 6:00pm<br />
<br />
Members: Tim, Dan, Mstaff, Windows, Rancor, Rashad, Greg, Carl, Zack, Me, Phorce<br />
<br />
Dan: "We're going to actually have real meetings now."<br />
<hr /><br />
Bronco Bash-<br />
Most stuff is together.  Need to check on Vinyl.  New spot is by Everett.  What are we going to take to Bronco Bash?<br />
<br />
Setting up next Friday.  We will have the stuff mailed to us.  Someone should check the mail.<br />
<br />
Wall of Sheep?<br />
Network Visualizer?<br />
Bring projector?<br />
Bring Runt?<br />
Take TV.<br />
Flyer - C4 and mstaff.<br />
Wii<br />
Payphone<br />
Payphone Sign<br />
Cisco Lab<br />
Pictures<br />
<br />
Gregg is cackling.<br />
<br />
Third person goggles in first person.  "Third person, real life"<br />
<br />
Tmiley shows up.  :(<br />
<br />
Dan has a presentation schedule.<br />
<br />
Whereis whitehat? (He's getting married... <h4>HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!</h4>)<br />
<br />
<br />
Presentations...<br />
<br />
Carl is having a problem with DSL.<br />
Mstaff and C4 are going to do a presentation on Networking.  Windows can help if he wants to.<br />
<br />
Plan for Bronco Bash?<br />
<br />
How to get more members?<br />
<hr /><br />
<strong><br />
(KLE Meeting on Saturday)<br />
</strong><br />
<hr /><br />
Facebook Applications -<br />
Hookup on Yakko<br />
<br />
DEFCON Presentation or something.<br />
<br />
Play some videos or something.<br />
<br />
Talk about PLAN<br />
<br />
Yakko naming convention.<br />
<br />
Google Hacking.<br />
Rasturbation.<br />
<br />
Other Universities Computer Club.<br />
projector falls on dan!!!!!!!1!!!11one<br />
<br />
need to reorganize the office and clean up.<br />
we are going to mount the projector in the roof<br />
<br />
I nominate Rancor as default pop can taker backer.<br />
<br />
Creative Commons License for our presentations.<br />
<br />
12:00 Noon Sunday - Cleaning the office.<br />
<br />
Meeting Adjourned:::::::::::::::::::::::: 7:12pm<br />
<br />
<br />
                                                   
