---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 27, 2007"
date: 2007-09-27T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2007
filename: "20070927"
---

Lots of members.  <br />
<br />
Meeting Started at 6:15pm.  <br />
<br />
The projector looks nice albeit .  Tmiley did a nice job of cleaning the club office.  <br />
<br />
If you are eating ANYTHING or drinking ANYTHING take care of your own refuse (TRASH).  Throw it in a, SURPRISE! Trash Can. <br />
Thanks!<br />
<br />
The projector is flaking out, probably because of the Cat5 or something.  <br />
<br />
Stuff we're getting rid of can go to Surplus.  <br />
<br />
Nobody emailed the potential new members that signed up at Bronco Bash.  Whitehat suggested that he himself does it.<br />
<br />
We wish we could move the office to Parkview, but we prefer this room.  Two offices would be nice, connected with a wormhole.  <br />
<br />
Are we doing anything for Parent's Day?  <br />
October 6th.    <br />
<br />
Engineering Bronco Bash<br />
October 2nd<br />
We have two tables thanks to Rashad.  <br />
<br />
C208 Presentation: <br />
Anyone have any ideas?  3D Modeling.  Cash Register App.  Perl, Python, Ruby...  Coding presentations... Networking simulations, network visualizer... something semi-automated, something pretttty.  Gaming.  <br />
Linux Presentations etc...  Virtualization, VmWare XP on Ubuntu.  QEMU.  Payphone.  <br />
Vector rendering or something with the cluster.  <br />
<br />
MIT++  Magic and More Magic switch.  <br />
<br />
Good thing Windows brought his wifey.  <br />
<br />
Fixing the screen.  Put in a maintenance request DAN!<br />
<br />
Coke, Diet-Coke... <br />
<br />
Jolt, Jones, Bawls - WE GOT 'EM!<br />
<br />
Raceway for cables.  Payphone was bought on ebay.  <br />
<br />
Tmiley is Paranoid.  <br />
<br />
Sparc Ultra10s loanable.  <br />
<br />
Can we get some rack mountable stuff?  Get the stuff moved out of C208 before parent's night.  <br />
<br />
Meeting Adjourned: 6:45pm  
