---
title: "Meeting Minutes â€“ 03/01/2007"
date: 2007-03-01
---
Meeting Started: 6:19pm<br />
Members Attended:Tim, Eric, Carl, Craig, Cameron, Adam, Mark, Adam, Joe, Velex, Susan, Dan, Chris<br />
<br />
Craig:<br />
* SCASTER'S LAST MEETING!!!<br />
* We have a couch in the club now thanks to craig<br />
<br />
PLAN 6:<br />
* PLAN advertisements stamped with approval<br />
* CS Source Community will match a $100 contribution made by the CC (currently $100, and if CC shells out an extra 100 raising the total to $200, they contribute $100 making it $300)<br />
* Club decided to accept this offer, and will increase the pot (advertisements will need to change to reflect the increased winnings)<br />
* Extensive throttling for individuals, and massive fire walling will probably  be implemented<br />
* Finals match for counterstrike, with increased pot, physically monitoring players may be necessary.  Blinds are a possibility<br />
<br />
Organizational State of Club Room:<br />
* Horton commented that the office is messy<br />
* Cans should be taken care of<br />
* Looking for racks to organize computers(possibly audio shelving)<br />
<br />
General Club Agenda:<br />
* Static IP STILL under discussion for Rita<br />
* MCSE Training now available via ChibiSkuld<br />
<br />
Cluster Status:<br />
* Dan has three nodes working<br />
* RAM from KLUG still under question(Gizmo uncertain)<br />
<br />
Meeting adjourned at 7:00pm