---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 08/16/2007"
date: 2007-08-16
---
{members here = 1} cameron, greg, mstaff, rashad, ben, ed, and dan... <br />
<br />
{meeting starts = 6:35pm}<br />
<br />
WMU Network is down because of updates to IOS for the crappity clean access agent.  <br />
<br />
Orders of business: (Order of listing is order of typing)<br />
<br />
Bronco Bash<br />
September 7th!<br />
 - Our booth has moved... :( <br />
 - Behind Everett Tower <br />
<br />
Side conversation about daisy chaining power strips and battery backups.  <br />
<br />
Are we going to do the balloon?  Probably too late to do that now.  Still considering Oberon cantenna.  <br />
<br />
Bring extension cords. <br />
Bring VoIP pay phone.  <br />
Phreaking Simon contest...<br />
<br />
We should probably do a contest for girls that will have to come back later at night.  <br />
<br />
Certifications <br />
Net+<br />
CCNA<br />
CISCO Lab<br />
wifi hacking demo lab. WEP <br />
<br />
Bring receiver and speakers.  <br />
RUNT<br />
Ben said he might bring some speakers or something and then when Cameron asked a question Ben goes: "Hold on, I'm doing something important!" as he gets pwnt by Bowser.  <br />
<br />
Windows is talking about hacking his apartment... newb. <br />
<br />
Perhaps being next to the chess club will augment our image.  <br />
<br />
CCLub needs more Apples.  <br />
<br />
Cotton should come to our club or give a presentation.  <br />
<br />
Presentations: There is a presentations page.  <br />
<br />
We should probably have a webadmin... or a lead web designer.  c4... <br />
amp<br />
First week of school we need to do in the first 8 weeks and send an abstract to Dan Gore.  <br />
<br />
Dan would like to present about open source and some wants to go first.  He is whining.  <br />
<br />
<br />
<strong>Presentations</strong><br />
<br />
The time and place: Mondays at 6:00PM <br />
<br />
Second week of classes we'll start.  <br />
Need schedule for Bronco Bash.<br />
Video tape the presentations for Podcasting.  <br />
<hr><br />
Week 1 - September 10th<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Linux Distros and Open Source<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Linux install party follows.  <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Dan Gore<br />
<br />
Week 2 - September 17th<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Basic Linux Usage<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Linux install party follows.  <br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Greg Ferell<br />
<br />
Week 3 - September 24th<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Intermediate Linux Usage<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Cameron<br />
<br />
Week 4 - October 1st<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br />
<br />
Week 5 - October 8th<br />
<br />
Week 6 - October 15th<br />
<br />
Week 7 - October 22<br />
<br />
Week 8 - October 29th<br />
<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Power Users Guide to the Mac<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Tim Miley<br />
<br />
--<br />
<br />
while (1 = 1){<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;drc++<br />
<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;rancor--<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;print("Carl's mom is hot...");<br />
}<br />
<br />
<br />
