---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 29, 2007"
date: 2007-03-29T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2007
filename: "20070329"
---

Meeting Started: 6:10pm<br />
Members Attended:Tim, Susan, Zak, Mark, Joe, Velex, Dan, Ed, Sean, Cameron, Anthony, Greg, and 4 guests<br />
<br />
PLAN 7 - Went well<br />
Suggestions:<br />
Possibly segregate the Counterstrike PLAN and Others PLAN<br />
Poll on the website/forum post requesting feedback<br />
Pizza distribution resolution improvement(tickets?)<br />
PA System/TV feeds/etc for announcements<br />
Permanent IP needed for Rita<br />
<br />
Need to setup BlackBox at Parkview<br />
<br />
Proposal to switch treasurer position from Sean to Cameron.  VP of finance to be created and filled by Sean.<br />
Proposal: PENDING<br />
Vote: Will take place next meeting<br />
<br />
Additional presentations should be scheduled<br />
<br />
Tim abuses executive power to appoint rouge government with officers in his pocket.<br />
<br />
Cluster is working!!!<br />
<br />
Proposal to send gift package(gift certificate?) to Jim Cotton for his understanding and help with PLAN preparation.<br />
Proposal: PASSED<br />
<br />
Meeting adjourned at 6:54pm
