---
title: "Meeting Minutes - January 7, 2009"
date: 2009-01-07T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Meeting starts 6:13<br />
Welcome back!<br />
<br />
The building coordinator will not give us any more keys. Jesse suggests we get a key safe to put on the door so every club member has access. Club is unofficially allocating $20 to this project.<br />
Cameron is looking into getting a list of names who keys have been signed out to so we can track them down (there are over 12 out there!)<br />
<br />
Greg's Analogy: Would you go to a friends house and, not understanding how a microwave works, stick a bunch of metal in it and run it for a couple hours? Well, don't do that thing to our server!<br />
Translation: Don't fork bomb the server on accident.<br />
<br />
Office Cleaning<br />
This must be done or we may lose our room! We should schedule a monthly cleaning date.<br />
<br />
Presentations Finalized! Jen refuses to make another list of possible presentation topics because she is forced to do this every week. Please see previous minutes.<br />
Smidget-Jan. 7th<br />
<br />
Greg makes a chart: Who is not available on what days<br />
Mon-0<br />
Tue-10<br />
Wed-4<br />
Thur-10<br />
Fri- No one wants to come<br />
Splitting up meetings and presentations? <br />
bad idea- presentations would get no turn out, they'd be forgotten about<br />
good idea- drink specials at Bilbo's<br />
<br />
Presentations are tentatively going to be scheduled on Thursdays at 8:00pm.  This avoids conflicts with professors we want to come who have classes, etc. <br />
Next presentation is Steffo's VIM presentation on Jan. 22nd.<br />
February 5th is Photoshop or motion capture presented by Zerg<br />
<br />
DRC has arrived: 7:13<br />
<br />
Meeting adjourned: 7:14<br />
