---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 11, 2009"
date: 2009-02-11T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

Meeting begins 6:08 <br />
<br />
Cameron has SHIRTS! He best show up.<br />
<br />
Friendship Village 2/14<br />
    Whitehat<br />
<br />
PLAN sponsors<br />
Fliers need to be made<br />
<br />
Upcoming Presentations<br />
February 12th- Intellectual Property Law presented by DRC<br />
February 19th- TCP/IP presented by Lazer<br />
February 26th- Something by Crowbar<br />
March 19th- Soft RAID presented by Cameron<br />
<br />
Balloon Project- Still going?<br />
DRC has been working on it but lots still needs to be done<br />
<br />
Engineering Student Organization Meeting<br />
Dan attended, no one bothered letting CClub know though<br />
They're encouraging organizations to host geeky, educational events to be hosted in April<br />
<br />
Cameron arrives with shirts! Everyone is happy.<br />
Extras are being stored in the office and shirts that need to be shipped will be going out ASAP.<br />
<br />
Cameron got an email about the next Science Olympiad which will be March 24. It's a science fair-ish thing for middle school and high school kids. They requested that people help out with events as Western is hosting it and there are multiple computer related events.<br />
<br />
Jen continues to take minutes despite everyone thinking the meeting is over.<br />
Jen's taking minutes about Jen taking minutes.<br />
<br />
Smerky's shirt is NOT tucked in! Neither of them! It is because he is not wearing a belt. He's allergic to belts.<br />
<br />
Stefo and Cokezero are playing some form of mini-baseball.<br />
<br />
It's over and no DRC 6:38<br />
<br />
