---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 11, 2009"
date: 2009-03-11T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2009
filename: "20090311"
---

Meeting starts 6:12<br />
<br />
Friendship Village the 14th: Smerky <br />
                             Wass<br />
<br />
The office is too dirty! Cleaning day Saturday, March 14th<br />
There may be pizza, but you may have to pay a lil bit cause it cost us too much last time.<br />
<br />
Cameron bought us food.  There's lots of it.<br />
<br />
<br />
PLAN<br />
-We need a copy of Street Fighter IV. Ben volunteers his.<br />
-Flyers are made and need to be put up soon. It's too late for us to do table tents.<br />
-Kyle and Greg are working on the firewall and game servers<br />
-Greg is going to reserve room<br />
<br />
Cameron has not mailed out alumni t-shirt, someone yell at him.<br />
<br />
Geek Games is on April 15th<br />
-We have some ideas but feel free to volunteer your own ideas<br />
-Smerky is kinda heading this whole thing up and will make sure we're signed up in time<br />
<br />
DRC arrives 6:21<br />
<br />
Trenary canceled his presentation which was supposed to be tomorrow.  Whitehat is going to do a last minute presentation on something.<br />
<br />
Smerky found a furniture store (VermeulenFurniture.com) that is having an ugly sofa contest and thinks we should send in a picture of our couch. First prize is $1000 gift card, Second is $500.<br />
<br />
Dan has an idizzle for a campus wide Left4Dead campaign.  People seem interested and interesting. Everyone is talking at once.<br />
<br />
Cameron is having fun with pennies. Everyone is talking annoyingly and I can't hear anything important.<br />
<br />
Meeting over at 6:31
