---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 11, 2014"
date: 2014-09-11T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

## September 11th, 2014 Minutes###
### by Renix (Secretary)###

## Meeting begin 6:16pm###

##Headcount: 27 ###

 - - -

###New Members!: ###

###RSO Expo: ###
* This Sunday 2-5 at Valley 3
* People going so far: Renix, Flay
* Let Renix know if you can come and help out!
* 

###Weekend Workshop: ###
* This Saturday sometime in the afternoon around 2pm
* Topic: About CTF
* Rough introductory and preview to the lab enviorment for CTF
* Workshop will run as long as people are here and interested
* For more information, talk to flay
* Next CTF is September 19th

###Upcoming Talks: ###
* CTF talk next thursday. Introductory tools and techniques
* Ant Bot Talk soon from Monofuel

###Wiki!: ###
* All members, go to the wiki and make your own user page!
* Let us know about you, what you want to learn, or what you can offer!
* If we could get all members to have one that would be fantastic!

###WSA: ###
* Western Student Association
* Trying to get involved, to get some more funds for talks and the club!

###TSHIRTS!:###
* Check IRC for links to the different TShirt and Hoodie designs!

###BTN:###
* Business Technology Network
* Thursdays at 6:30
* Meetings held in Schnider, ask Flay for more information

###Study Abroad: ###
* In South Africa!
* Any computer science classes you take there count as electives towards your degree!
* You pay tuition with Western, then pay for housing, plan tickets, and personal expenses 
* Talk to Demorest on IRC for more information!

- - -

###Meeting Ends At 6:35pm###
