---
title: "Meeting Minutes - August 7, 2014"
date: 2014-08-07T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2014
filename: "20140807"
---

#Meeting begins at 6:15 pm


* Head Count: 11

##Current Yakko Status:

* Yakko is dying right now. It's dying hard. SSHing yields segmentation faults.

Uber News:
-------------
* Uber is almost ready to be implemented.
* Uber migration is happening tomorrow!
* Uber will just print out banner that will say contact CClub to log into account. The passwords won't travel very well.
* CONTACT OFFICER IN PERSON TO SET UP YOUR ACCOUNT. 

Room Move:
---------------
* Room move is happening soon.
* Dean of Aviation is riding our ass like... (enter your own simile here)
* Room plans have been created we have pictures.

* No definite room move day, but before fall semester.

* Power is in, probably.
* 4 circuits to ourselves.
* Misclik: NO MAD-SCIENTIST EXPERIMENTS!

* Flay wants to put in a circular table in the middle of new room for creepy soul-staring

New Server Rack:
----------------
* Bill Forshay from Tech Care Tron Labs is giving us a new server rack and thinkpad.
* Nice new server rack is coming soon if not tomorrow. With nice customizable sizing and power strip.

* Flay will buy another KVM for server rack.

* Jack is in charge of the transition from old server rack to new one.
* Jack is building a sound-proof ventilation wall around the new server.

Helping us move: 
----------------
* Pluggles, Jack, whiteout, typo, giggles, flay, misclik.
* Others are maybes.

##PLAN STARTS OCTOBER 10TH

Other Stuff:
-----------------
* We have access to Parkview's 3D printer.

* Pluggles still wants sudo but that ain't gonna happen.

* If you want to take part in the Linux workshop, talk to Sphinx.


Meeting adjourned at 6:36 pm
==============
