---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 05/22/2014"
date: 2014-05-22
---
## May 22th, 2014 Minutes

## Meeting begin 6:12pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 14

###New Room:
* Requested two layers of cables, projector rack, new ethernet, phone, ect
* Exact room possibly 2225?
* Before move, room is going to be cleaned out/stripped
* 

###Summer Plan:
* June 6th-8th
* D-109 and D115, only can get into D-115 before 10pm on friday the 6th

###Field Trip:
* Tech Care Tron Labs - robots and hacking and stuff!
* Possibly field trip to there at 4pm friday May 30th!

###Defcon:
* $220 ticket, 3 day pass, largest hacking convention in the world
* August 7th-10th in Las Vegas

###Jobs:
* Building IOS app,social media. Interested in IOS development ask Flay for contact details.
* Kapenga is looking for a web developer for the cluster lab they are putting in, paid job
* If graduating soon, talk to Trenary about a job at Zoepis, or Sphinx for more info

###Project Ideas:
* June 4th 11-3 surplus sale search for a cheap mac to mess with, contact giggles if you want to go
* Get Smart board up and running! Have all cables and parts ready to go.
* PXC boot server - can boot an iso over the network so we don't need any disks. _jack_ is working on this

###Door Bot:
* Not plugged in yet, still need to modify script
* When this is done, talk to _jack_ about swipe access on any card you want
* Everyone can get free access for the rest of the summer to test

###Misc:
* Sk8punk is searching for donations to help his friends sick dog! Help the cute puppy!
* Start writing down things we do and are doing, will be added to website to document things we have accomplished for records
* Ideas for the new website? Join the website channel!
* HUGE props to _jack_ for organizing the room!
* _jack_++ 

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:34pm
