---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 13, 2014"
date: 2014-03-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2014
filename: "20140313"
---

##Meeting begins at 6:10pm

- - -

###PLAN:
* no riot sponsorship, the RSO forgot to contact riot and we don't have the necessary time or teams signed up for sponsorship to allow a riot sponsorship
* not a lot of teams have signed up yet, may be for the better
* not a lot of advertisement
* This plan will more than likely be smaller, we will need to provide prizes
* The idea to push PLAN back was tossed around, but is not really viable


###geekout
* fixing a scooter?  Electric.  Just need to make a motor controller for it.

* thinking of making battery packs for raspberri pi's

###Apple hiring

Hush says apple is hiring.  Hush fixes things.  He helps.

* The job is a 24/7 first response source system type deal.
* Apple online services organization
 * Provide 24/7 support for Apple service
 * You are basically a remote System Administration
 * Interview will be linux and python skillsj
* "It's Apple, just apply."
* For more details contact Hush or David.

###Raspberry Pi's
* We will be working with the Raspberry Pi's tonight
* Installing Arch
* Potentially making battery packs, see geekout above
* Renix brought some micro-usb cables for 

###Talks
* Next week Flay will be giving a talk on the Onity Lock hack

###Upgrading godpidgeon
* Sphinx will bring in his old graphic card
* Hush may have an i5 processor, may be 2nd gen+
* Misclik is king of choosing the new parts, all hail.

- - -

##Meeting ends at 6:25pm
