---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 4, 2014"
date: 2014-09-04T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2014
filename: "20140904"
---

## September 4th, 2014 Minutes###
### by Renix (Secretary)###
*First Meeting Of The Semester!

## Meeting begin 6:09pm###

##Headcount: 45! Wowza!... Lost count so many came in through the meeting###

 - - -

###New Members!: 26###

###About Computer Club!:###
* Informal organic learning environment. Come here to learn new things and get help on things you struggle with
* Great networking center! Many people in cclub have gotten jobs from connections with members in the club
* Always someone to talk to about something that you havent learned yet
* Dedicated alumni who also bring job opportunities, experience, and wisdom.
* Room open often with officers in the room to help you and hang out with you!
* Only a 10 dollar member fee for an amazing learning environment

###Things new memebers are interested in:###
* AI and video game development
* Lockpicking 
* Cyber Security
* Robotics
*

###About CTF:###
* Learn a lot in a very short about of time
* Working with cyber security
* Competitive hacking team
* Our team was ranked 22nd internationally

###Questions:###
* When is room avaliable? Answer: During office hours which are posted on the main website and wiki, or just ask!
* 
*

###Unique to CCLUB:###
* Lively group. Have our own server and use IRC to communicate with members outside of meeting days
* Members are friendly and plan hangouts weekly outside of computer club, including going to dinner after meetings, ect.
* We have been around since 1976, the oldest RSO still on campus! How cool is that?


###About Plan:###
* Bi Annual Lan party hosted at parkview
* Non members is 10 bucks per plan enterance, members only have to pay 5 dollars!

###TSHIRTS!:###
* Check IRC for links to the different TShirt and Hoodie designs!

- - -

###Meeting Ends At 6:41pm###
