---
title: "Meeting Minutes - May 15, 2014"
date: 2014-05-15T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2014
filename: "20140515"
---

## May 15th, 2014 Minutes

## Meeting begin 6:19pm

 - - -

###RIP Renix

* in peace

###What do we want at cclub?:
* Resources, events, furniture?
* Mull it over, contact flay
* Job help?  Pointers, etc
* Remote talks?  Record/upload/post the talks online
* Recruitment / outreach position?  Multiple people?  Advertising
* Have presentations on cclub in Pview C-208
* Don't just be a passive member, have some cool ideas
* Talk on CLI / linux / terminal magic for new students and those interested
* Talk on GIT and VM's etc
* Sign up sheets
* Hosting web-pages for other departments?

* Order stuff?  Usb microphones for jasper (voice controlled apps), SD cards, jumpers, printer paper, staples, HDD docks

###Room:
* Some light remodeling
* New shelf, some reorganized furniture
* Misclik++ for new shelf yay

###Door:
* Door function almost done
* Any card you want can be added to give access to the room
* jack++

###CTF:
* Defcon qualification ctf is may 16th, begins 8pm, runs until may 19th.
* /j #ctf
* Let's sort out some timezones, yeah?

###Defcon:
* $220 ticket, 3 day pass, largest hacking convention in the world
* August 7th-10th in Las Vegas

###New Room:
* Might be a-comin'
* Same size as our current room, may be slightly larger
* Burner is on, but our butts are gettin' hot

* Aviation is getting rather restless, and as a result so are we.  
* All we need to give them is the specifications of the room, amount of internet jacks, etc.  
* More outlets?  4 connections per wall?
* Rack mounted shelving?
* VOIP phone?  Ask for a PoE jack specifically for a voip phone, have Trenary ask

###Misc:
* Potential credit for officers for putting in a large amount of time in the office
* $40 for two remote toy tanks.  Maybe put a webcam on them and have some internet fun?
* __Flay is going to figure out how much money we can make as a non-profit__
* We have access to 3D printers at Parkview

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 7:30pm
