---
title: "Meeting Minutes - August 21, 2014"
date: 2014-08-21T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

## August 21st, 2014 Minutes
### by typo again (hi)

## Meeting begin 6:22pm

##Headcount: 13 heads counted

####Strap in y'all this is gonna be a long one

 - - -

###T-shirts:
* Ccow design currently winning
* URL to vote is in the topic of #geekboy; About 6 more people wanted tshirts
* Ordering will most likely happen 1-2 weeks into Fall 2014 semester

###Room updates:
* Room is now re-cored.  Old keys function again.
* AC is set to be on 24/7, keeps the room about 75 degrees
* Caes can bring in another AC to help cool servers and room; Caes++

* Looking at Projector screen on craigslist to mount and pulldown for the room
* If you know any businesses that are interested in donating things to us, they can use it as a tax writeoff as we are a 501c3
 * Tax deduction applies to all donations, from businesses.
* Still figuring out where furniture will be permanently

* Thanks to all who helped room move!  All who didn't, beg for forgiveness.  You're bad.

* List of things to happen:
 * Room speakers need to be set up / mounted above whiteboard
 * Moving room and organizing the items we have

###Purchases and potential purchases

* We voted on purchasing a printer, but are looking for a laser printer that can do pcb etching.
*Caes might have a huge one we can pick up from Ann Arbor, if we can find room for it.
* Digital osciliscope, looking at one that is versatile for $400.  Has capture to USB. Probably a Rigol or Tektronix

* Why is this something we want?
 * Signal analysis, troubleshooting microcontrollers, you are able to tell if a circuit doing what it is meant to do

* Variable benchtop power supply.  0V-30V and up to 3A
* Ice cream?  Good idea Karras.  2nd'd.
* Ordering an 8port belkin KVM as our old one fried

###Events:
* **GUYS WE NEED FLYERS AND WE NEED TO POST THEM**

* Parkview Passport
* **C-208**
 * This event is the one we held last year and roped in lots of new members/friends
 * **This is happening the August 28th 1-4:30pm**
 * We are given a room to set up things that represent Computer Club and pique interest
 * Stringy, Pluggles, Misclik tentatively.  Whiteout, Caes, Hardison, Heinz, Sphinx, Flay volunteer.  Anyone/Everyone else welcome.
* We will bring the MAME cabinet, Oculus rift, lockpick demo, and CTF alongside Game inventor Club.

###More events:

* Bronco Bash, can we sneak in?  
 * Too late to get a table at the moment
 * Whiteout will see what he can do, he may be able to pull a string
 * We're blaming Renix for something or other I didn't hear this part so well

* Karras let us know we are invited to the "Block party"
 * It is kinda like bronco bash, slightly more intimate
 * This is more about talking with the groups for longer than a moment
 * More of a smaller festival
  * BBQ, hotdogs refreshments etc
 * On Locus street, in vine neighborhood
  * **September 7th**
  * **Starts 12pm goes to 8pm**
 * Flay, Caes, Pluggles, Heinz, Misclik can tentatively help

* Pizza w/ a prof? 
 * Flay will talk to Trenary about this

* RSO Fair

##CTF:

  * **CSAW, CTF EVENT**
   * September 19th, we will be participating in CSAW
    * Whiteout will be leading this event
   * A grand event, much fun, CSAW TV is bonkers
   * Very accessible CTF, even for beginners.
   *  **https://ctf.isis.poly.edu/**

###Recruitment:
* Ideas?
 * Have presence at other events
 * Ask teachers to plug us in during class
 * Whiteout will be plugging GIC, will also talk about Cclub a bit
 * Clean the room, organize it, make it presentable

###Misc:
* Mame needs to be fixed
* Pluggles is on it
- - - 

##Meeting ends at 7:30pm
