---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 12, 2014"
date: 2014-02-12T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

##February 12th, 2015 Minutes
* By Renix!
* improvements by flay

## Meeting begin 6:12pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 38

###Trenary:
* Wants to see us all institutionalize ourselves better
* Get better at making a regular processes for the club (Agenda, feeding & caring of younger members, inclusivity)
* Have younger members or any memebers jump in and help with projects and events more
* Steve Carr is willing to talk about the possibility of officers getting 1 credit hour for being a part in the club per semester.
* Think of new and better ways to bring up new members so they are always very involved
* We're putting out a newsletter to get some publicity for the club.
* Demorest: WMU is offering vpn access to have place to play around and hack, maybe getting a subnet set up to play with and break stuff. This would be super cool for the club! We need someone to take the lead on setting it up.
* Start building up a database for club contacts old and new
* IRC is for everybody. Argue/Debate constructively.

###Agenda Mechanics:
* Anyone in the club can add topics to the agenda using !agenda command (Implemented in botler after friday)
* This will be on the minutes page of our website on the right hand column

###Bounty board reminder:
* Opportunity for you to get room access
* Anything on the board you are welcome to tackle or help with!
* Throw any seperate ideas you might have to the board
* This sysetm helps get people more involved in cclub
* Good way to talk to other people around the club about similar interests

###Bonzai Brawl:
* Michigan tech univ. bonzai brawl. You get a period of time to create an AI which plays a game http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/
* Head of this organization contacted us to do testing and maybe host a competition for one of these games
* We need people to beta test before hand and host the event itself
* April 11th would be the date this is held
* Typo is going to be help running this, we heart typo

###2 New IRC Channels:
* #ai Channel to talk about AI competitions (Bonzai/ Ant wars) and other AI related topics. https://cs.wmich.edu/~antman/index.php
* Implement an Ops policy for channels so we have codified rules for the moderators.
* #irc : Specific use channel for talk about Ops policy. Create a doc, throw it in the topic. Get started.

###Middle School Event:
* Maple Street middle school for the arts, right up Howard street
* Settled on doing robatics using lego mind storm with the kids
* The idea is just to guide them.
* Renix is super interested! As is sphinx, flay. Talk to demorest. His wife runs the thing.
* Would be around 3:30 ish to 5 ish 
* Channel will be named #msr (middle school robotics)

###Card for Kapenga:
* Kapengas wife passed away earlier this week, typo has a card to sign if you would like to give your condolences
* This will mean a ton to him, please sign!

###Officer meeting:
* This sunday at 2pm, anyone is welcome to come! Especially if you are interested in being an officer

###RPI Order:
* Next week!
* RPI 2 order

###Hackathon:
* This is what many of you joined for.
* Tomorrow @ 5:00pm (Friday)
* Stringy will be here to make sure we are all working together. Stringy is the bomb
* Anyone who wants to learn how to program collaboratively should come!
* Food will be brought

###When is Plan?:
* Weekend of March 27th
* Apparently Renix is taking care of doing shirts again!? Weeeee. SEND HER DESIGNS PLZ?!!?
* Thinking sundays for weekly plan meetings maybe around 1?

###TedX:
* Flay is talking to event coordinators tomorrow
* We would maybe have a few booths at the main event

###Boston Key Party at the end of this month

###Sphinx tonight was voted in as a LIFETIME MEMBER OF CCLUB! because we love him and he is amazing.
* Dear sphinx. You are one of my favorite people, because you put more people in me. Signed Cclub

###Stringy Begins Git Talk
*We recorded it! Talk will be listed in coming "videos" section of our site

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:47pm

###Ben Got hired at apple
*Went to gallaghers. Ben bought 6 pitchers of beer.
*Much screaming
*All praise ben.

