---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 23, 2014"
date: 2014-10-23T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2014
filename: "20141023"
---

## October 23rd, 2014 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:00pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 25

###Club Funds:
* 4500 dollars most we have ever had before!
* We are doing very well right now! 

###T-Shirts:
* Estimated date of the 31st when they should be done
* Give or take a few days after to receive the t-shirts
* Any questions ask firefly

###Project Clean-Up:
* Need to start wrapping up and cleaning up projects laying around
* Get the place back in order and have more open space

###Plan Date:
* Tentative March 28th for second semester plan
* If this date seems to be a problem or you think there would be a better date, let us know
* This date is after spring break so midterms should be done by then

###RPI:
* Paypal the club money: payments@yakko.cs.wmich.edu
* Making the order by this sunday the 26th
* B+ is 35 dollars but it does not include the SD card
* Monofuel can print custom 3D cases for them...if you would like
* Element 14 is the site we are getting them through
* B+ needs micro SD card

###3D printer vote:
* Concerns about buying a printer: how much does printing material cost? A: about 20-40 dollars for a 2 kilogram spool
* About 540 dollars
* Voting Yes: everyone at meeting! yayyyy!
* Maybe we should get a locking cabinet so the new expensive items we are buying can be kept secure. - Grizzly's Idea

###Security Build:
* csquared donated some servers! Going to start from the ground up
* Setting them up with some VM's and etc.
* Sunday the 26th it is being held in the room at 2pm
* Going hook up one of these machines so we can test a variety of different exploits

###CTF this weekend!:
* Pico CTF this weekend
* Designed for beginners learning to break in and mess with security
* Easier categories to break things up. Lots of things to try
* Starts on Monday the 27th and runs for 2 weeks.
* If you are interested in showing up and working on the problems together, people will for sure be here on the weekends working on it

###CSAW Overview:
* Came in 46th in the undergrad competition
* Came in 80th overall! Good job! We did really well.

###Talk to Strypkon if interested in console kit or open rc.

###Maestro Begins Presentation - meetmaestro.com

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:20pm
