---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 06/05/2014"
date: 2014-06-05
---
## June 5th, 2014 Minutes

## Meeting begins at 6:11

- - -

###Head Count:
* 14

###Next Semester Projects:
* Pixie boot server
* Internal Network
* Talk to flay if you are interested in working with either

###PLAN:
* Friday-Sunday at parkview. D-115 open all weekend, D-109 open at noon on Saturday
* D-115 will be open starting at 5pm on friday the 6th

###Room:
* Still no word on when we are officially moving into the room (225)

###Jobs:
* Topsy is still hiring! Talk to Flay for more info / to see the information e-mail
* Zoetis - Software development position - more info talk to whiteout
* Zoetis - Project Leader type position
* Kapenga is looking for someone to work with Cuda Cluster

###Mozilla Open Badges:
* Mozilla open badges : digital badges that you carry around showing that you learned a skill/earned an achievement
* Possibly giving out our own badges for c-club activities starting in fall semester?
* Been around the past few years, used by a wide range of companies
* If you are interested in learning more about these, talk to Flay

###POS System:
* Point of Sale / Inventory logging system
* Have a tablet on in the room, next to the fridge possibly, keep track of what people buy and when
* Talk to Flay, Sphinx, or Hardison for more information or to throw out ideas

###Tech Tron Labs:
* Owner said he was interested to help us out if we ever needed help on projects or etc.
* Possibly planning another trip there again in the future.
* They donated a large server rack to cclub!

###Business Cards:
* Firefly made a few different options, Jack is also working on a new logo.
* Possibly waiting to make new business cards until we move rooms

###Shirts and Hoodie:
* Ordering before fall / beginning of fall semester
* Next meeting misclik will bring in a picture or post a link to the design

###New Members:
* Welcome Milky!

- - -

## Meeting ends at 6:32
