---
title: "Meeting Minutes - July 30, 2015"
date: 2015-07-30T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Weekly Meeting - July 30, 2015

Minutes by cpg

Head Count: 13

# Alumni Testimonials

- At Dr. Trenary's request, we are collecting testimonials about Computer Club from our members, alumni and student alike. Since this club has been such a large part of our lives, their experiences and memories will be very valuable. This will go into the newsletter and onto the website in order to give the outside community a more clear idea of what we are about.
- Please send any stories and testimonials to ccpresident@yakko.cs.wmich.edu.

# MIOSHA Compliance

- Our room is currently in the process of becoming MIOSHA compliant. 
- flay, stringy, and Dr. Trenary have met with two members of the OSHA committee and the building manager of Kohrman Hall. The overall tone of the meeting was very positive.

# Newsletter

- flay is currently working on the content of our first newsletter to be sent to the university community.
- It is scheduled to be sent out at the beginning of the Fall 2015 semester.

# Video Camera

- We would like to purchase a camera to ensure the production quality of our future videos.
- Our allocation for the camera with other audio and video equipment is $500.

# Middle School Robotics

- The middle school robotics program will be starting up again this fall. You may contact Emily Demorest (emilydemorest@gmail.com) for information.

# Saleae Logic Analyzer

- We will be getting a significant educational discount for a Saleae Logic Analyzer to complement our oscilloscope.
- This discount also applies to other university students. If you would like to buy one for yourself, Computer Club can put yours on the same order. Contact flay (ccpresident@yakko.cs.wmich.edu) by Monday, August 3rd if you interested.

# Kalamazoo Public Library

- The Kalamazoo Public Library is a possible venue for Computer Club to hold demonstrations for local children.
- Any ideas for an interactive event geared toward middle school and/or elementary students are welcome.

# Personal Projects

- Contact flay (ccpresident@yakko.cs.wmich.edu) with any personal projects relevant to Computer Club that you would like featured in the newsletter.

# To-do List

- There is a [to-do](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/wiki/Todo) list on the wiki with tasks that officers and other members are encouraged to help with.

# LinkedIn

- giggles has created a LinkedIn group for us: [https://goo.gl/YzEkAb](https://goo.gl/YzEkAb)
