---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/15/2015"
date: 2015-01-15
---
##January 15th, 2015 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:10pm

 - - -

###Head Count: 
* 50 plus some change

###A little about cclub:
* Club room open for all members
* Place to work during the week or hang with other members
* Great networking environment for new jobs
* IRC chat for members to use
* Many new and old members who can help with your class work
* Lots of things for members to mess with and use like our new 3D printer

###3D Printer:
* If you use it frequently, printing personal things, please throw in some money
* If you want to test a few things or make things for cclub, go ahead!
* While printing please stay around the room so you can check on it

###Resume Help:
* BTN has events for resume checking and will let the club know when these will run

###CTF:
* Capture the flag! 
* Styled as a jepordy style, each challenge has a new problem to solve
* Great to challenge your programming and hacking skills
* One starting Friday the 16th at 3pm at "Ghost in the shell code"
* Members will hang out in the club room for CTF and will be here a little before it starts as well

###New this semester:
* More outreach for the community 
* Going to start designing websites for other RSO's around campus.
* More workshops! If you are interested in helping out with some or running new ones, let officers know!
* Card swipe access for the room is coming back! Thanks Jack! hopefully will be up and running soon  

###When is Plan?:
* March 16th is the date we have planned currently

###What you get being a member:
* One year access to our cclub server which includes our IRC chat room
* Access to our club room whenever you are on campus
* You only have to pay 5 dollars to come to plan instead of 10!
* Tons of new friends to do homework with, help you find jobs, and more!
* membership money can also be sent to payment@yakko.cs.wmich.edu 

###AIAA wants software savy people!:
* If you are interested in programming some unmanned aircraft drones, contact AIAA!
* For more information or if you are interested, contact Spencer.g.watza@wmich.edu 

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:30pm
