---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 19, 2015"
date: 2015-03-19T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Meeting Minutes for March 19th, 2015
Notes by cpg and cokezero

## Head Count
36

# WMU Student Association
- Connor Smith and Thye Fischman are running for President and Vice President.
- WSA is in charge of allocating funds to student organizations.
- $450,000 is allocated to student organizations.
- Their platform 
  - [Their Website](http://wm-you.com)
  - Gender neutral and inclusive facilities on campus
  - Suggestion boxes called the MANE Idea for increased student feedback.
- There will be a proposal to increase the Student Assessment Fee by $16, making it $50 on the upcoming ballot.
  - This $16 would go into student organizations and events.
- The Student Assessment Fee gets split into WSA, WSA Allocations, CAB, GSA, SCC (Sports Club Counsel), Student Media Group
- There will be an open position for IT chair in the WSA soon.

# PLAN
- Saturday, March 28th through Sunday, March 29th
- [PLAN Website](http://whatistheplan.com)
- If you are interested in helping out with PLAN, come to the PLAN meeting on Sunday, at 1 PM.
- The form for signing up for PLAN allows you to enter your the MAC addresses for your device(s) in order to register on WMU's network.
- Please make sure your device(s) is/are registered before arriving at PLAN.
- Tournament directors are strongly encouraged to attend this Sunday's PLAN meeting
- Firefly can help with ticket sales and concession, but we would like more.
- Talk to Hardison with any other questions if you cannot attend the PLAN meeting
- Firefly has given us 11x17 and 8.5x11 prints of the PLAN poster.
- If you would like to use some of your color prints at WMU for the PLAN poster, you can print the poster at http://j.mp/1B2e7no
- D-109 and D-115 are available after 9 PM on Friday, before PLAN, for setting up the event.

# Emily Demorest
- Emily Demorest works in the Maple Street Magnet School
- She is helping start a LEGO robotics club for the after-school program.
- Between April and the end of May, there will be an opportunity for helping 4-6 kids learn programming and robotics skills hands-on.
- Proposed time: Tuesdays between 4 and 5 PM
- Let Emily know as soon as possible if you are interested in volunteering.
- Contact Emily at emilydemorest@gmail.com or get the application from Demorest.
- Have a plan ready for these events if you are helping.
- The school is about a mile from campus.

# Soylent
- alex is sending a week's worth of Soylent for us to try.
- Soylent is a meal replacement intended to provide enough nutrients for a day.

# Hardware
- If you have any motherboards or other hardware lying around, please consider donating to Computer Club.
- Misclik has donated a nice analog oscilliscope.

# Hackathon
- Arrive Friday, March 20th for another hackathon.

# Nausicaa's Room
- Talk to nausicaa on IRC if you are interested in subleasing in a townhome.

# WSA Endorsement
- We need to decide whether to endorse a candidate for WSA.
- We could benefit if the candidates can work for allocating more into resources for RSOs.
- We will be researching other candidates as well as Connor and Thye.
- We can vote on these decisions in #geekboy.
- Voting for these candidates ends on March 27th.
