---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 26, 2015"
date: 2015-03-26T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Meeting March 26th, 2015
Minutes by cpg

## Head Count
26

# Bonzai
- April 11th, 2015
- Bonzai is an artificial intelligence competition in which you create a game-playing AI.
- It is being put on by Michigan Tech.
- Talk to stringy, TheMind, moses, typo, and the members of the Game Inventor's Club.
- Team forms and registration fees need to be submitted by April 1st.

# Gibbles Shaming
- Yakko was "forkbombed" at approximately 10:30 AM today, March 26, 2015.
- Everything is back to normal now.
- If you would like to test your projects in a safe environment, you can use VMs provided by the CS department.
  - URL: login.cs.wmich.edu
- Yakko now limits users to 100 processes because of this incident.

# 3D Printer
- If you are interested in 3D printing, talk to flay, monofuel, sphinx, demorest, or consult the wiki.
- If you would like to design a trophy for PLAN, please do.

# Demorest
- The Bounty Bucks system is expected to be completed by demorest in three weeks.
- The United States Army is interested in recruiting computer science students. 

# CTF
- There is a Chinese CTF with a weight of 20 is coming up.

# Code.org Hackathon
- Code.org is organizing a 2-day hackathon

# PLAN
- PLAN starts officially on Saturday, March 28th and ends Sunday evening.
- Please show up in the Computer Club office Friday between 4 and 4:30 PM if you can help setup for PLAN tournaments, concessions, or ticket sales.
- Help with cleanup on Sunday evening is also appreciated.
- If you have any expertise in setting up servers for games such as Team Fortress 2 and Counter Strike: Global Offensive, let Hardison know.
- If you have a copy of Halo 4, a TV, or an Xbox 360, please consider lending it.
- D-115 will be available for general gaming.
- We have a PLAN post at reddit.com/r/kzoo and one at reddit.com/r/wmu that could use some upvotes.
- We will need to withdraw about $350 for Magic the Gathering cards. This will be paid back by players and Fanfare.
- Get the word out there, and tell your friends!

Meeting Adjourned at 6:25 PM
