---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 30, 2015"
date: 2015-04-30T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Minutes for 2015-04-30

- Head Count: 17
- Start Time: 18:20
- End Time: 18:42
- Minutes by cpg.

# Dr. Trenary

- Thanks to flay for a great year! We've come pretty far from room 2244, and we have flay to thank for leading us.

# CTF

- [Link](http://2015.volgactf.ru)
- Friday, May 1 at 11 AM
- This CTF has a rating weight of 20, meaning it may be easier and more approachable.
- Companies hire penetration testers regularly, and CTFs are great practice.

# Jobs

- Job listings are found on our [wiki](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/wiki/Jobs).
- OIT, the CAE center, and a company called SpareFoot are hiring, plus more! Check the page out.

# Hackathons, CTFs, and Workshops

- These will be grouped under an event called a Geekout, which could be a CTF, a hackathon, or a workshop.
- Look at the [wiki page](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/wiki/2015_Hackathon_and_Workshop_Series) for our ideas.

# BountyBucks

- Demorest is still making progress!

# Tutoring Hours

- We would like to start holding tutoring hours lead by members that can tutor in computer-related subjects.
- C208 has been used as a tutoring center, but it will not be available from the CS department anymore. This is a perfect opportunity for us to take that over.
- If you will have available time for this next semester, please talk to cpg, Hardison, or flay.

# Alumni Dinner

- An alumni dinner is a possibility in the future.
- If you are interested in planning this, or Geekouts, or PLAN, talk to Hardison.

# Parkview Passport

- Usually the week before classes start.
- This is an important recruiting event for Computer Club.
- We will need to demonstrate the things that make us the most unique and engage people.
- Please consider helping!
