---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 15, 2015"
date: 2015-02-15T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

##Officer Meeting
###Meeting beings 1400 on 02/15/02015
* Present: renix, flay, demerost, hardison, piggy, mobyte, sphinx, cokezero, kell, stringy, giggles, typo
* minutes by: cokezero

###NewsLetter
* on every semester change
  * summer included
* Future plans
  * Hopes and dreams
* Recruitment stats
* Outreach
* Events
* Tangible completed items
* Class workshop
  * ie 2230
  * hw help
  * tutoring
* New equimpent in the club
  * not just bottles full of bub
* Usage stats
  * Charts
  * Graphs
  * Pivot tables
* Job placement
* Growth
* Bots and skills members have aquired
* RSO hosting and things we have done for the uni
* Affiliates
  * RSO's
  * GIC
  * Rasp Pi Club
  * BTN
* donations from alums and outsides
  * Tech Care Tron Lab (server rack)
* CTF events
* Format
  * Geekgroup has something we can look at 
  * Create some form of a template so it can be easily reused and not neglected
  * LaTeX MaYbE
  * Quark?
* Recipents
  * members
  * faculty
  * Scott Conan in advising
* Create a reply address or something similar to that for feedback on the newsletter


###Events and Misc Topics
* CS open house
  * Renix reppin'
  * Flay also helping

###New Pictures
* Taking pictures of future events

###Start having monthly talk nights
* Chem building 
* Multiple people can give talks
* advertise a month ahead

###Business Cards
* Winston made some business cards!
  * We can give them to new people at RSO accounts

###Google Analytics
* Need to look into the google analytics on Can You Hack it
* sphinx will do
  * 60% russian
  * 24% german
  * is not currently running but it will be

###Talks
* Put talks online somewhere
  * youtube channel we can link to on the site
  * sink (member) has a recorded a few talks 

###Bounty board
* demorest is creating a crypto currency maybe we can look into that eventually
  * he's going to look into it immediatly as a payment for bounty reward
    * demerost says we'll probably need a box for it
    * cclub account would mine only
* Swipe access as a reward
* Bounty bucks eventually
* use the money to buy something specific for club that you think we need
  * easy tasks to include newer members so they can be involved
* bot feature to track bounties
* bounties public on the site
* bounty completed list public on the site

###Website picture update
* slideshow would be preferable
* we should take a new group shot with as many members as possible
  * schedule it out so people can show up

###Projects
* zug suggests we host an online class 
  * similar to https://www.edx.org/course/introduction-linux-linuxfoundationx-lfs101x-2

###New shirts
* with our official logo and name
  * Official Generic Shirt that's uniform
  * Would be great for events such as the public school event
  * threadless is an option
    * we make less profit
  * perhaps for after a large order
* Need multiple people on the logo
  * Renix will help, need more people
* wrist bands
  * we could 3d print them!
* ram / microchip key chains
  * someone donate crap ram or find on CL etc

###Payments
* set up alternative payment methods
  * demerost suggests amazon
  * sphinx suggests simple bank

###Open Badges
* open badges for acheivements
  * mozilla open badge progess
  * earn a badge for a particular track
  * some of these are things that employeers will actually recoginze

###Talks
* flay suggests renix work with individuals to find what talks to actually give
  * typo: lol photoshopin'
  * cokezero: how2irc
  * otho: smart comp sci stuff

###flay needs to talk to nick to add a footer with hosted rso (btn) to add a "hosted by ccowmu!"

###IRC ops policy
* We can't have people kicking when they are mad is what it boils down to
* we need to be nicer 
* dont be a jerk

###PLAN
* What needs to be done
* hand out small tasks to officers
* hardison can allocate larger things to help out to voulenteer
 * create a doc for this to list tasks
* network architecture
  * 2 or 3 routers to make smaller networks for people without bronco net ids
* need to run more events at the same time

###CTF Misc
* security isos
  * flay has them made
* super great for ctf stuff

###Password Mgmt
* we need to look into a new password management system
* stringy mentions "pass"
  * encrypted password files for accounts etc

###CS Credits
* Carr and Trenary are mentioning a CS credit for 3 semesters
  * it winds up being scholarship credit money ($500 per semester)
* how could we do this, <strike>3 credits at a time or</strike> one?
* how many officers can we have? (at least 3 would be great)
* decide on appliciable roles (pres, vice, etc)
* make written policy on how to document applicable achievements
* have officers write up things that they have done making them "worthy"
  * include trenary in decision process
* should do this every semester

###tedX
* tedX booth - 6/11
* paid event
* we have a booth at the main event
  * showcase some tech stuff
    * occulus rift, lockpicking, 3d printing
* satellite on Ted Talks
* free entry if we participate
* might be in kalamazoo civic or kalamazoo institute of arts
* we need to give power requirements
* AJ might bring his rift2
* the talk schedule isnt finalized, so we can suggest someone for a talk
* are we allowed to sell things?
* create a mailing list and sign up for cclub interest
  * we can raffle off a new shirt or 2 for people that have signed up
* perhaps sell msp430
* some type of 3d printed keychain

###CClub Conf
* we should ask WSA for funding and host a CClub Conference
* cclubers give talks

###Website Misc
* would be cool if we could public the open or closed status of the door on the site
  * We're open come visit!
* add a donate feature to the site
  * paypal or additional things

###Room Sign
* sign that's going above our room
  * "Computer Club"
  * "RSO Office and Hackerspace"
