---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 11/05/2015"
date: 2015-11-05
---
Weekly Meeting Minutes, November 5th, 2015

- Head Count: 25
- Minutes by cpg

# PLAN

- PLAN is this weekend! Admission starts at 10 AM on Saturday, November 7th, at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- [whatistheplan.com](https://whatistheplan.com) has more information.
- Setup will begin tomorrow (November 6th) at 6 PM in the Computer Club office. If you are a tournament director for PLAN, please see Hardison sometime on Friday.
- If you would still like to volunteer, fill out [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fIOnKBz4Os9gYwZacDt0zk-agrgyg9ZXDLaI0IATNcY/edit#gid=0). Hardison will also be able to sign off for volunteer hours if you need them.

# Computer Club Bank Account

- Our current treasurer, Ryan DePrekel ("buttercup"), has been attached to the PNC bank account.

# Computer Club Christmas List

- Our alumni have suggested that we create a Christmas wish list with items that Computer Club could benefit from.
- Starting off this wish list will be a hotend and a webcam for the 3D printer.
- Mention any more suggestions to [buttercup](buttercup@yakko.cs.wmich.edu) through IRC or email.

# Academic Computing Society

- ACS is an RSO based at the engineering college that has recently become active again. It is a project-oriented Computer Science and Data Science organization.
- One of our members, kell, is currently serving as president, and Dr. John Kapenga is the faculty advisor.
- If you are interested, meetings are at 7 PM on Wednesdays at the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences. The room for next week (November 11th) is yet to be determined.
- You can keep up with this new club by joining the [Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ACSWMU/).

# Servers

- giggles would like help setting up a VM server and Oracle Database server. Talk to him on IRC for more information.

# Hard Drives

- kyledad7 is selling 1 TB Western Digital Green hard drives. They are in the Computer Club office right now. Private message him on IRC if you are interested.

# CTF Course

- A 1-credit Computer Science course will be available next semester under CS 5950. The current meeting time is 2 PM on Fridays in the Computer Club office.

# Hackathons

- Friday, November 13th, at 7 PM, we will be meeting in the Computer Club office to work on our in-house CTF with Hardison.
