---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 13, 2015"
date: 2015-04-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

##Minutes for Post PLAN meeting.

###Attendees
* Hardison
* cpg
* camtar
* cchao
* stringy


###Agenda

Afterthoughts:
* automatic MAC registration?
* do network map of D109 and D115
* fix scheduling
* make start times harder/ (earlier but not really)
* make sure we make ethernet cables in advance
* Sunday was still kind of dead... (2 day league tournament?)
* Make sure we have small bills (<$20) (go to bank before)
* Make sure we don't forget the raffle
* Make sure we don't forget box fans
* Hardbucks? (named by grizzzly not by me)
* Trophies
* Advertise about our twitch streaming
* How do we keep people in the building?
* Talk to Little Caesars?
* Talk to Jet's Pizza?
* Get 2 tills
* Contingency plan if we don't have enough people
* Ticket partners/bouncers
* We need a network guy
* Maps and signs (on screen)
* PLAN pamplet (check-in package)
* Photographer

Tournaments to Consider:
* Hearthstone

Organization:
* We need a deputy director?
* We need more concessions/tickets people
* No best 2/3 until finals for league tournament or split into 2 days
* Game servers up and running before hand
* Decide on formats


Advertising:
* Make sure to have casual events
* Make sure to show casualness
* Make sure the flyer is made 1+ month before PLAN
* Make sure we flyer things sufficiently
* Make sure we send powerpoint to Hanna Wells (johanna.wells@wmich.edu) sooner
* Get story in MLive?
* Get on local news?
* Boost Magic the Gathering, it could be a big deal.
* Give multiple prizes for raffles, tell people the value of these prizes to encourage preregistration

PLAN Website:
* Hardison is product owner
* cpg is scrum master (project lead)
* it is a work in progress
* food preferences

If your still interested in helping with PLAN, or the meeting times don't work for you, PM Hardison.
