---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 11/12/2015"
date: 2015-11-12
---
# Weekly Meeting Minutes, November 12th, 2015

- Minutes by cpg
- Head Count: 23

# PLAN

- Fall PLAN 2015 was a record-breaking success, thanks to Hardison and all those who helped out.
- There will be a post-PLAN meeting soon to discuss how this PLAN went, and how to improve future PLAN's.

# Hackathons

- We will be meeting tomorrow, November 13th, at 5:00 PM to continue work on our current hackathon project: our own in-house CTF.

# CTF's

- The next major CTF coming up will be Ghost in the Shellcode, on January 8th, 2016. Keep up at [ghostintheshellcode.com](http://ghostintheshellcode.com/).
- The 9447 CTF will be starting at 6 PM on Friday, November 27th. [link](http://9447.plumbing/home)

# 3D Printer

- kyledad7 has offered to take the 3D printer home for approximately one week in order to rebuild it.
- It was agreed upon by those present that kyledad7 will be allowed to temporarily take the 3D printer for repairs.

# Wish List

- Our alumni have offered to buy us things if we put together a Christmas list. Talk to one of our officers if you would like to add anything to the list!

# Academic Computing Society

- The Academic Computing Society is currently meeting at 7 PM, in D-201 of the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences.
- This RSO is oriented toward computer and data science projects. Join the [Facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/ACSWMU/) for more information.

# Information Security Talk

- Our very own whitehat will be doing a talk on November 17th at 7 PM, in room 1220 of the Chemistry Building.
