---
title: "Meeting Minutes - May 26, 2016"
date: 2016-05-26T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2016
filename: "20160526"
---

# May 26th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 10 people in attendance, including: mobyte, buttercup, cpg

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### MAME
- Parts list for the MAME is in the # channel.
- Buttercup approves and has ordered the parts for $18.49. The parts should be here quickly since they are directly from Amazon.
- Here is the link to the parts list if you would like to look at it: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19g1Ns4GCh3SpL-ScpXKZeOpNhCtxahVLpqQRYSGw-Xg/edit?usp=sharing
- One part is listed as extra since it is optional, we will wait until after we finish the main build to see if it is necessary.

### Orientation
- We don't have anything to hand out at Orientation.
- Can we think of something to give out for free for this and at Parkview Passport?
- Ideas brought up at the meeting: Breadboards, pens, RAM keychain, flash drives, bottle openers, pins.
- nospace is going to research to see the pricing on each of these objects.

### Society of Plastics Engineers
- grizzzly has asked if anyone would be interested in doing a website for Society of Plastics Engineers, ask him for details.

### Room Cleaning
- nospace is going to be cleaning the Computer Club room at 2PM.
- Come by if you would like to help.
- However, the building is going to be locked from 5PM Friday to Tuesday, so you will need to contact nospace on IRC or by phone to get in.

### Free Computer Parts
- whiteout is giving away a lot of free computer parts, contact him if you are interested.
