---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 1, 2016"
date: 2016-09-01T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# September 1st, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 22 people in attendance, including: buttercup, mind, mobyte, kami, stringy, kessler, sphinx, nospace, tank, sink, kell, zurek, flay, sans

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Parkview Passport
- Earlier today, many Computer Club members came to the Parkview to talk to incoming Freshmen about Computer Club.
- flay showed up to help out at Parkview Passport by showing off his lockpicking demonstration.
- hellbacon, tank, sphinx, nospace, stringy, kessler, kami, and flay all showed up to Parkview to help out. Thanks for all of your help!
- We had about 47 people that gave emails to learn more about Computer Club and 2 people signed up for new accounts!
- About 7 people signed up with our brand new Computer Club trial system.
  - This is a 14-Day trial account that lets potential members try out the Computer Club IRC server and gives them a chance to check out the other services offered on our server.
  - This is available to anyone that wants to learn more about Computer Club, not just Freshmen at Parkview Passport.
  - This means that we may continue to use this in the future if it ends up being a feature that people like.
  
### PLAN
- Thanks to everyone who came to the PLAN meeting last Sunday!
  - If you still want to help out, let sloan know on IRC.
- They have developed a template for contacting sponsors. You can find this template in the topic of the #sponsors channel on IRC.
  - Some of the things on this template include a checklist of things sponsors should know if they want to help us for PLAN.
- We are planning on revising the PLAN tournament schedule, but this is subject to change.
- #sponsors is the channel to check out on IRC if you would like to learn more about volunteering for PLAN.

### Upcoming Events
- Next thursday meeting will be crowded, as it will be the first official meeting of the Fall 2016 semester.
  - Be sure to include incoming potential members.
  - Find out more about the new members, talk to them!
- There will be minor cleaning in the Computer Club office this weekend, Sunday at 2 PM.
  - The plan is to clean the floors and tables.
- The snake Showcase Saturday is being canceled, we are planning on moving onto something else (potentially a group project).
  - If you have any ideas for a Showcase Saturday project, let nospace know on IRC.
- This 24th at noon, there will be a practice Programming Contest in C208 ran by cpg.
