---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 06/02/2016"
date: 2016-06-02
---
# June 2nd, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 12 people in attendance, including: cpg, stringy, kell, nospace, mobyte, tank21

> 6:01 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Amazon Payment
- The person that contacted us from Amazon couldn't actually give us anything.
- We were talking about ideas for who we want to be sponsored by. Here are some possibilities:
  - Logitech
  - Corsair
  - Electro-Matic
  - Razer
  - Microsoft
  - Amazon
  - Asus
  - Nvidia
  - Newegg
  - Tiger Direct
  - Anything electronic

### Room Noise
- People will be touring Kohrman Hall on Saturday at some time, possibly around noon.
- We will have to keep noise down at this time.

### MAME
- The parts we need for the MAME have been received. We will be using the BeagleBone.
- However, tank may need some help with the programming.
- He will be working on it at 2PM on Sunday. Come by the Computer Club room if you want to help.

### Projector Ideas
- We are looking for a cheap and decent projector. Does anyone know where we can get one?
  - Some people have suggested looking at the surplus sale.
- Our price range is between $100 and $200.
- We are going to aim for getting a sponsor that might be able to help us out.
- We would like to set up a projector in the room for presentations or other general purposes.

### Freshman Orientation
- We still need people that would like to help by talking to Freshmen about Computer Club at Orientation.
- There are about 10 more sessions left that are available for sign-up.
- Please feel free to sign up if you have free time. Here is the link to sign up: http://worf.co/GcJ9a.
