---
title: "Meeting Minutes - June 9, 2016"
date: 2016-06-09T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2016
filename: "20160609"
---

# June 9th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 6 people in attendance, including: mobyte, stringy, tank21, nospace, hellbacon, typo

> 6:08 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Showcase Saturday
- This Saturday, come to Computer Club at 2:00 PM to show off new projects you have been working on.
- This gives you the chance to talk about your code in front of other people.
- Any types of projects are welcome, feel free to join us.
- If you would like to present or get some of your own ideas, check out this link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pTzhp31Dd8LRXgOTDCshvUZe9kaQH_S1ky3g-_7yf0c/edit.

### Monitors
- We got 8 new monitors from pasportit's office.
- What do we want to do with them?
- An idea we thought up was to create a giant display wall out of all of the monitors.
  - With this, we could display new announcements in the room.
- If you're interested or have any ideas of your own, let us know in the #activities channel.

### Orientation
- cpg still needs help with Freshman Orientation.
- We need people that can talk about Computer Club to new potential members.
- Some upcoming times that you can help out at are June 8th, June 13th, and June 15th.
- Each day it is at 6:20 PM.
- If you would like to help out, please sign up at the following link: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Af5JPge2ZR9hNfdFX-RbNfJ2cUBwSLJI6dEPIq2ne2Q/edit#gid=0.

### Arcade Cabinet
- The BeagleBone works.
- We need to work on wiring to the arcade cabinet and installing games.
  - We need help from anyone that can give us advice on wiring for the old arcade cabinet system.
  - We are struggling to figure it out.
  - Please let tank or nospace know if you are good with wiring or have experience with the arcade cabinet.
- It will run SNES, NES, and GameBoy games.

### Projector
- We are still thinking about projector possibilities for the office.
- nospace is still looking for sponsors to possibly help us out with the cost.
- We are also looking for help from anyone that would be willing to help us pay for it.
