---
title: "Meeting Minutes - May 19, 2016"
date: 2016-05-19T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2016
filename: "20160519"
---

# May 19th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 9 people in attendance, including: hellbacon, tank21, mobyte, cpg, stringy, nospace

> 5:58 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Red vs Blue
- Attack/Defense CTF. It's advanced but we can sign up if we want to.
- The event is on July 20th and there will be 2 red teams, 1 blue team, and 1 green team.
- The 2 red teams are made up of attackers and the 1 blue team is made up of defenders.
- If we want to sign up, we must do it by May 27th at this link: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/LCCFH7C.

### Orientation
- cpg is looking for help during the Freshman orientation to help run a table.
- Information session next Wednesday, some people already have volunteered, let cpg know if you can help.
- Sign-up sheet in #officers channel if you want to volunteer during any time for the orientation period.

### Wireshark Event
- nospace is hosting an event with hellbacon at 2PM on Saturday.
- It is free for anyone to join.
- Links to sign up in #nospace and #geekboy.
- If you are not able to come, we may be able to loan out the account to you so you can access it.

### Magnetic Strip Reader/Writer
- We're buying the $90 magnetic strip reader/writer.
- We need to talk to buttercup so we can buy it.

### Arcade Cabinet
- ohaimark should be able to help us fix the MAME cabinet.
- The BeagleBone we have should be able to handle the emulation needs.
- We still need the pinouts for the buttons and some extra cords, such as a HDMI to Mini HDMI.
- A micro SD is also needed.
- Tank will have a parts list soon and post it on IRC.
- There is also an idea floating around of making a half-sized one.

### API Design
- We could have the idea of designing an API for an IRC bot.
- cpg and demorest have brought up this idea, we may think of doing this next weekend.
