---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 6, 2016"
date: 2016-10-06T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# October 6th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 31 people in attendance, including: stringy, hypnotoad, mobyte, giggles, strongth, cpg, pasportit, sphinx, kami, nospace

> 6:10 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Event
- On October 15th, there will be a review session for Dr. Kaminski's CS 1110 class.
- This event will be in 2217 Kohrman from 2 PM to 6 PM.
- This is an opportunity to help Java beginners with any problems they are having.
- There will be free donuts for volunteers!
- The following people have volunteered to help out:
  - kami, nospace, strongth, hellbacon, and sphinx.

### Server Updates
- hellbacon, our SysAdmin, wants to improve the security and stability of our servers.
- He plans on creating backups for important files to prevent any major file losses.
  - sans and leech have been chosen by hellbacon to help with the cflock backups.
- We also plan on creating an IRC service to link your IRC account to your LDAP account.
  - This is to prevent impersonation of other users or other general chaos.
- More details on these projects will come in the future.

### PLAN
- sloan and kessler will start recruiting for tournament organizers.
  - They will need people who can spend a couple hours each day during PLAN to help out.
  - Contact sloan or kessler on IRC if you want to help.
- Fliers will be finalized in the next couple weeks. 
  - After that, we will start putting them up around campus.
- If you want to volunteer for PLAN in any way, please let sloan or kessler know.

### Volunteer Hours
- Honors College volunteer hours are now a possibility through Computer Club.
- If you are in the Honors College and want to utilize this, ask kami or nospace.

### A/V Equipment
- We may be able to use the projector from another room instead of buying a new one.
- We can fill out a form and rent it for multiple days.
- demorest and pasportit have offered information about microphones or other general A/V equipment that we can use. They will let us know in the #officers channel.

### Western Herald
- During the Western Herald Spotlight converage, they did not take any pictures of Computer Club.
- We need to choose a picture to submit. Then we will email it to them and it will be used in the article.
- sink has offered his PLAN photos.

### Job Opportunity
- OIT Project Management Office is looking for an IT Project Management Assistant Student Employee.
- They are offering 25 hours per week at a SE3 rate.
- This may lead to a potential internship.
- You can find this job on BroncoJobs at https://wmich.joinhandshake.com/jobs/108580.
