---
title: "Meeting Minutes - June 16, 2016"
date: 2016-06-16T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2016
filename: "20160616"
---

# June 16th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 9 people in attendance, including: mobyte, cpg, stringy, buttercup, nospace, typo

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN
- We need PLAN pictures from anyone that took pictures at the last Spring PLAN.
- Please post them somewhere and give us the link on IRC in the #officers or #plan channel.
- We are going to be looking for sponsors soon for the next Fall PLAN.
- We are going to focus on two groups of sponsors: local and external.
- If you would like to help out with getting sponsors for PLAN, contact cpg on IRC.
- A deadline is going to be set this Sunday for when we will need PLAN sponsors by, come by if you would like to help.

### Showcase Saturday 2: Electric Boogaloo
- On Saturday at 2PM we are having another Showcase Saturday.
- It's a show-and-tell styled event where you can show off your new coding projects.
- There is no minimum effort, you can bring in anything you have been working on lately.
- See more details about Showcase Saturday and sign up here: https://goo.gl/llvEHI.

### Coding Challenge Sunday
- On Sunday from 6PM to 8PM we are doing HackerRank challenges.
- These are programming math problems that you will have to solve algorithmically on the whiteboard.
- This will help you with whiteboard challenges that you may face in an interview if you want a programming job in the future.
- Video games or any other distractions will be banned from the Computer Club room at this time.
- See more details about the event here: https://goo.gl/wJbYxk.

### Debit Card
- Buttercup, our current treasurer, is going to be gone for a week.
- He will leave behind the debit card in case anyone needs it.
