---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 27, 2016"
date: 2016-10-27T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2016
filename: "20161027"
---

# October 27th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 25 people in attendance, including: mind, mobyte, stringy, cpg, strongth, buttercup, nospace, kami

> 6:05 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Server
- ohaimark has written a letter to Dr. Carr to acquire the jazz server.
- We are going to submit this letter on Monday and we will have more information in a couple of weeks.
- Thanks to ohaimark for writing this for us!

### PLAN
- We are continuing to prepare for PLAN.
- The date is still set for the weekend of November 12th.
- sloan and kessler are currently looking for people that want to help during the event.
- If you want to volunteer, tell sloan or kessler, or ask them on IRC in the #plan channel.

### CASTS Job
- CAS Tech Support at WMU is hiring two student techs for the Spring semester.
- This is a technical support job for WMU students.
- The job will generally involve giving technical support to faculty and staff of the College of Arts and Sciences at WMU.
- If you have any questions about this job, you can ask mobyte or giggles.
- Check Bronco Jobs for more information.

### IBM
- Coming up in a couple of weeks is IBM's Internet of Things Intro workshop.
- It will be in the Chemistry Building 1220 on Wednesday, November 9th, from 3:30 PM to 6:30 PM.
- If you would like to know more details about this event, ask strongth on IRC.

### App Development Opportunity
- Someone named Zach came to Computer Club to look for potential mobile app developers.
- This is planned to be an app about socializing at bars.
- This may take between 6 and 8 months to develop.
- People working on this project would receive a share in the company.
- Email zachary.r74.underwood@wmich.edu for more information.
