---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 13, 2016"
date: 2016-04-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Post-PLAN Meeting
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 6 people in attendance

> April 13, 2016

### Spring PLAN Feedback
- Lack of sponsors is a con, we need to prepare for sponsorships far in advance.
- We should coordinate more events for people to encourage them to stay for longer. A possibility is to prepare a losers bracket tournament in advance.
- The format for the LoL tournament is narrowed down well. Should we start the tournament later?
- Have some form of communication for people to talk to each other. Discord or IRC are possibilities.
- We should get the PLAN website to auto-pull from the github repo.
- A dedicated IT person (or two) to help with technical issues, specifically on the network, would be useful.
- We should buy gigabit switches to deal with dead port issues and/or get the broken ports to be fixed.
  - sphinx, cpg, transistor, and hardison volunteer to test all of the ports in D109 in the summer.
- The one day format is preferable to the two format. Sunday as clean-up day makes it much easier. Going later into Saturday night is a possibility if people want it.
- Better organization for the Smash tournament has been requested by sans.
- LoL RSO ran the tournament very well. We should get help from them again, as it helped with the workload. However, the PLAN director should still check in on them.
- sans is interested in helping run the Smash tournament.
- Dell and Strength in Numbers should come again. We should request better prizes from Dell. We could use a list of expectations from Strength in Numbers.
- kami wants to do concessions.
- If people don't bring their own ethernet cables, we should sell cables to them.
  - Use an ethernet tester to make sure they work.

### Goals for Next PLAN
- Shoot for $2000 in profits.
  - Getting sponsors and advertising is very important.
- Look at what people concessions bought in the Spring 2016 PLAN and focus on those for the Fall 2016 PLAN.
- We should focus on advertising on specific subreddits in order to market specific tournaments.
- Putting out posters at the right time is key.
  - Put them up one month before PLAN?
- Multiple posters is a possibility. One poster design for each tournament?
- We should try to get advertisement at the library.

### Date for Next PLAN
- The plan is to work around midterms, other events, sports events.
- The current possibilities are September 17, October 15, November 5/12/26, and December 3/10/17.
- Top candidate is November 5th, with November 12th as a runner up.

### PLAN Committee
- cpg will appoint a group of people as a PLAN Committee.
- PLAN meetings in the future will be smaller and more focused.
- The Tournament Coordinator will oversee all tournaments and make sure tournaments are running smoothly and tournaments are starting on time.
- The Support Technician will handle networking problems before, during, and after PLAN, as well as being a contact for OIT.
- The Assistant PLAN Director will help the VP of OPs with any other additional tasks.
- An additional Volunteer Coordinator will help in concessions and event check-in.
- The main people running PLAN and running tournaments should not be able to win prizes or play in tournaments.
