---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 15, 2016"
date: 2016-09-15T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# September 15th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 33 people in attendance, including: nospace, sphinx, strongth, mobyte, buttercup, hypnotoad, tank21, mind

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Events
- There is a Programming contest called ICPC on September 24, 12:00-5:00pm.
  - A team is ran by cpg, ask him for more information.
  - Check the #ICPC channel on IRC if you'd like to learn more.
- Auto-Owners IT Internship Opportunity.
  - A representative may come to club to offer internships.
  - This will happen on October 10th, RSVP for October 14th.
- nospace is planning the First Showcase Saturday for the semester.
  - It is going to be an obstacle course of about 20 problems.
  - This should be a good way to learn Java or to get help in Java Computer Science classes.
  
### CTF
- One of the first big CTFs of the semester is going to be CSAW CTF this Friday (9/16) at 6:00 PM.
- The CTF class ran by sphinx at 2 PM will give a good introduction to CTFs for anyone that wants to know more before CSAW starts.
- CSAW CTF is a great CTF for beginners and can be a perfect opportunity to learn more about CTFs.
- For people that don't know much about them, a CTF involves finding a digital flag inside a file or using exploits to find a hidden code.
  - This can be a great opportunity to learn more about software and security.
- There will be pizza, so come by and work on some problems and enjoy some pizza!

### PLAN
- We discussed the potential days to hold PLAN meetings, and we have decided that PLAN meetings will be on Wednesdays at 6:30pm.
- At the next PLAN meeting, they will be deciding the tournaments. If you want to give input on the organization and planning for PLAN, make sure to come by.
  
### Oculus Rift
- It was offered to buy a program for the Oculus Rift to play more games called Vorpx.
- This program could give more access to more games to play.
- However, after doing research, we have decided to not invest the $40.

### Officer Positions
- When cpg stepped down, we needed someone to replace him as VP of OPs.
- It has been decided in the past couple weeks that kessler and sloan would take his place as organizers of PLAN.
  - With two people they may be able to share the weight.
  - We decided during the meeting to let sloan and kessler be Co-VPs of OPs.
  - sloan has been focusing on organizing and kessler has been scoping out potential businesses for sponsorship.
- Additionally, twitch will be made the webmaster, as he has been working on the PLAN site lately.

### Websites for RSOs
- nospace went to an RSO meeting today and he learned valuable information about other RSOs.
- Many RSOs need new websites and need help from us to get more updated websites.
- We are considering ways that Computer Club can create websites in exchange for payments.
  - Part of the money will go to Computer Club and the rest will go to the person or people that created the website.
- To learn more about this, join the #rsosites on IRC.

### Video and Audio
- We would like to have video and audio equipment for talks and other purposes.
- We have received an offer from skuld and have considered asking sink for information about what equipment we should get.
- Next week are planning to talk about possible budgets for the kinds of equipment we want to get.

### Talks
- nospace wants to start up bi-weekly talks, with nospace starting on September 29th.
- We have offers from nospace, mobyte, skuld, demorest, and stringy to create talks.
- We are also considering having practice talks for anyone that has not given a talk before.
- nospace will create a sign-up form for people that want to give their own talks, so make sure to ask nospace if you'd like to give a talk.
- Before starting, it is suggested to get feedback from nospace to make sure the talk is presentable.

### GIC Server
- Since GIC is gone, we may be able to use their old server (jazz).
- We will have to create a proposal or official document to give to Dr. Carr that will give us access to the server.
- There will be more discussion about this in the next couple weeks. To learn more about how we will get the server and how we will use it, check the #officers channel on IRC.

### Website Design Offer
- Someone named Andrew came by to offer an opportunity to create a website using the Steam API for $800.
- It is related to Team Fortress 2 and will use JavaScript and other things related to Web Design.
- To learn more about this, email tf2tradingcompany@gmail.com.

### IBM
- strongth is still looking for sign-ups to show our interest in an IBM workshop.
- If it becomes approved, IBM will send someone out and provide some materials for a 2-4 hour workshop.
- We will need about 40 sign-ups and we currently have 20.
- Let strongth know if you are interested and if you want to sign up.
