---
title: "Meeting Minutes â€“ 11/16/2017"
date: 2017-11-16
---
# November 16th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 20 people in attendance, including: fedele, taco, sphinx, zurek, kahrl, dolphin-phone, presto, mind, cookie, kami, hellbacon, sgt, tank21, mobyte

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall


### PLAN 

- PLAN 27 happened last weekend and attendance might have been a little bit more sparse than we would have liked

- This was a big learning event for this current e-board and we are going to use what we learned to make PLAN 28 the best it can be

- PLAN started as a club LAN event so ideas from members about what we can do to improve the event are valued 

- There will be a debriefing at 4pm tomorrow in the office if you have any concerns or ideas you would like to voice


### WSA 

- WSA offers various funding for RSO's that we should be taking more advantage of

- They offer $500/semester for operating expenses and up to $15,000 for event expenses

- We could possibly use the funding for chartering a buss to commute people from Main Campus to Parkview for PLAN


### Office Accessing System

- Our previous room access system for swiping into the room was noticed by university deans 

- The device was said to be unauthorized swipe access and we were told to remove the device

- Sphinx is looking into option to get swipe access to the room

- Some option presented are: Getting an exception made for a club made device; Getting an official swipe in device from the university

- Please direct any input on the issue to the Officers room in Riot

- [Click here to access the redmine](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/redmine/projects/office-access-system)

- Dinner at university roadhouse at 7pm
