---
title: "Meeting Minutes - May 9, 2017"
date: 2017-05-09T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# May 9th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 5 people in attendance including: cookie, karhl, tank, leech, Dr. trenary

> 3:00 PM, On a Tuesday, C224 (Parkview)

### The General State of yakko and Surronding Affairs

- Investigation has been closed(As far as Dr. Trenary knows)

- Jason Johnson has a sudo account to access yakko. He has said he would like to do some type of periodic checkin in at his leisure

- There has been no formal agreement made as far as when the server can be accessed.

- Relying soley on IRC is not a viable option for the future.
### Club's Stance on Allowing Access by the CS Department

- The computer deparment will have total access to club's server log files

- The club would like a schedule of periodic checkins or at least some notice of before the check in with the server. 

- Jason has already conceded that after he accesses the server he will give us a log of what he did. 

- The log would be posted publicly for all memebers to see.

- We would prefer access to the server to be physical instead of allowin grandom ssh access to the server.

- Any agreement should have at least some sort of email trail for our record.

### The Future of Servers and Accessibility

- Yakko will become soley a production server.

- Jazz will be available for member use(via OpenStack)

- ssh from yakko and jazz to WMU will be cut off.(Possible exoanded to the TCP protocol)

#### Member Access to Features

- VMs will be limited to 1 x (1gb ram and 1 core) per member and available upon their own request.(Some sort of web interface should be used that allows member to create there own VMs )

- Many ISOs will be available(Archlinux, Debian, Ubuntu, Manjaro, etc..)

- Memeber's home directories will be limited in space to 25GB as Default

- ALL directories outside of /home/ will be open to auditing(By use of auditd)       

### General Comments about The Servers and Other issues
- OpenStack will allow vps through jazz.

- There will be NO torrent client on the server.

- We can run a scrit that will allow us to scan for copyrighted information by extenstion type or file size(e.g. .mp3). 

- Auditd will allow us to view the circumstances during which certain commands where used(e.g. ssh, yes)

- Preventing copyrighted materials from being on the server is the most sensitive issue for Dr. Carr

- If multiple chats are being used for club purposes they need to have access to one another to prevent "Dark Corners" of activity.

- No decision on what chat should be used has been reached.

- Any who thinks that yakko is secure needs to know that the cs deparment can gain root access at anytime to yakko.

- Any advanced paid membership can be refunded if requested.  
