---
title: "Meeting Minutes - June 29, 2017"
date: 2017-06-29T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170629"
---

# June 29th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 16 people in attendance, including: mind, sphinx, zurek, cookie, hellbacon, tank, dolphin, sgt, karhl

> 6:02 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Kahrl is leaving
- Kahrl will be going to New Mexico
- If you need to reach him his email is f.allin.kahrl@wmich.edu

### Paypal
- Name on the club Paypal account needs to be changed if we want to get commercial use out of if.
- We will need this done to do things like swipe credit cards at plan.
- Tank and Kahrl are currently working on this issue

### PLAN Fall 2017
- We need to start looking for plan sponsors.
- We also need to set a date.
- We are looking for volunteers to help run events and concessions

### Passport day
- Usually happens a week before the semester.
- Good opportunity to draw new members to club
- We should unify as a club as to what chat to use before this day so we can send a clear message to new members
- We are looking for volunteers to help with this event

### Positions
- We are still looking for webmaster and VP of finance
- Let an eboard member know if you are interested

### Server related issues
- The plan is to put OpenStack on jazz.
- Every shell account would be given its own instance with nothing else on the instance.
- VPS access can be provided on SysAdmin approval(hellbacon)
- We should think about getting more RAM for system which would upgrade it to 64GB
- I am talking to hellbacon about putting out an official updated State of the Server
