---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 9, 2017"
date: 2017-02-09T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# February 9th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 28 people in attendance, including: stringy, kami, zurek, strongth, mobyte, crane, ohaimark

> 6:01 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Books
- pasportit and strongth have proposed that we should buy some physical books for our office library.
- Some of the books include:
  - Cracking the Coding Interview
  - Design Patterns
  - Clean Code
  - Working with Legacy Code
  - TDD
  - JS Good Parts
- To get an up-to-date list on these books and to make comments, you can go to this Google Document: https://goo.gl/aT5CrR.
  
### Volunteers Needed
- We are going to need volunteers for some upcoming events involving Computer Club. These events are:
- The Science Olympiad on Feb 25th.
  - We will need about 5 or 6 people to be judges for a programming contest.
  - The volunteers will judge games made in the Scratch programming language.
  - Points will be awarded on the structure of the program and its creativity.
  - The volunteer judges will need to come up with a topic for the game to be based on.
  - The following people have offered to volunteer: kami, stringy, Steve Johnson, hellbacon, pasportit, strongth, and zurek.
  - The time of this event will be known soon.
- People will also be needed to volunteer for a Computer Club Oculus Rift demo on March 2nd and April 18th from 9:30 AM to 12 PM.
  - We will demo the Oculus Rift and the Oculus Touch that we bought recently.
  - Only about 3 people will be needed for setting up this demo.
  - This event may be at Parkview but the location is not set yet.
  - More details can be found in the #officers channel.
  
### WIDR
- James got us a promotion in WIDR. Thanks for helping to promote Computer Club!
- We may potentially also be able to receive publicity on the Parkview buses through PLAN posters.

### Geek Easy
- We received a response saying they would like to sponsor us.
- More details about this sponsorship will be reviewed at tomorrow's PLAN meeting at 4 PM.
- If you have any questions, ask kami.

### Northwestern Michigan College
- Dr. Carr and Dr. Trenary are working on creating a partnership with our university Computer Science program.
- This may open some opportunities to share information about the curriculum for both universities.
- Details will be presented later as they become available.

### Stallman Lecture
- The FSF is in the process of approving the video version of the recent Richard Stallman talk at Kalamazoo College.
  - It will soon be available in an open source format.
- If you would like to watch the talk, look for the link on IRC when it becomes available.

### CTF
- Starting this week, stringy will be taking over the CTF class.
- We highly encourage everyone to take part in this great class!
- Additionally, we will be participating in Codegate 2017.
  - If you would like to see more about it, you can read about it here: https://ctftime.org/event/405.

### Dynatrace
- A company called Dynatrace has recently contacted strongth about wanting to do a talk for Computer Club.
- They will also provide us with pizza.

### Programming Contest
- Dr. Trenary is looking for people to participate in programming contests (preferably people that will be here for longer).
- Python, C, C++, and Java are the programming languages that may be used.
- Two teams of 3 are brought to the contest at Grand Valley State University.
- 5 hours are spend solving up to 8 problems mostly based on algorithms.
- If you are interested in this opportunity, you can email Dr. Trenary.

### nospace
- nospace will be stepping down from his position as Vice President of Computer Club.
- Discussion about whether or not to hold an election for a new Vice President will be in the #officers channel on IRC.
- If you would like to read the letter that nospace has addressed to Computer Club, you can find it on the server here: /home/members/_SYSTEM/shared/nospaceletter.txt.
- Thank you to nospace for everything you have done for Computer Club. We will all miss you.

> Meeting ends at 6:27 PM
