---
title: "Meeting Minutes - June 22, 2017"
date: 2017-06-22T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170622"
---

# June 22nd, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 16 people in attendance, including: mind, kahrl, rush, leech, zurek

> 6:01 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Dolphin's Party
- Taco's included
- Bring your own beer
- Saturday at 7pm
- PM dolphin for more info

### IRC?
- The thought is that we should reinstate irc on our servers as our club chat
- Is there any objection?
- Switching chats in the summer might not stick. 
- Irc is a good long term solution. 
- Slack has its perks such as ease of use for new memeber.

### Talk to WSA
- We should persue the WSA for funding to have alumni to come talk in Cclub
- Dr. Carr will be making contact with alumni this July
- Talk to sargent and Kami(Upon Return) for more Details
