---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/16/2017"
date: 2017-03-16
---
# March 16th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 36 people in attendance, including: kami, strongth, mobyte, twitch, zurek, stringy, leech

> 6:01 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Digital Ocean Talk
- Next Thursday after the meeting (3/23), Go Language talk by a Matt Layher, a Western Michigan University Computer Science graduate.
- The original plan was for him to come today but we have moved it to next week so more people can attend.
- Thanks for twitch for inviting him on reddit to come to Computer Club!

### MHacks Trip
- As we talked about last week, the MHacks 9 event is coming up soon and the team of programmers will be preparing to attend.
- It will be at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and dolphin and skuld have offered to carpool to the event.
- If you are interested in attending this event, you should contact kessler as soon as possible.
- More details about this event can be found here: https://mhacks.org/.

### Paypal Card Reader
- We have voted at the meeting to purchase a Paypal card reader.
- This will allow people to make transactions at PLAN for buying snacks.
- The plan is to use this later for any event transactions.
  - As a part of each transaction, each payment will factor in a charge for each transaction.
- If you would like to know more about this item, see the link here: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/credit-card-reader.

### iFixit Tool Kit
- kami has proposed we should buy a kit for the Computer Club office.
- We have also agreed to purchase it at the meeting.
- To know more about this kit, you can find information here: http://www.microcenter.com/product/475480/64_Bit_Driver_Kit.

### Programming Contest Volunteers
- There is still an opportunity to join in on the ICPC team.
  - For more details about joining, you can join #icpc on IRC.
- sgtsarcasm and leech have decided on a practice meeting this Saturday at 2 PM.
- This is a great opportunity for us to represent Computer Club, so please do not hesitate to join.

### Apple Job Opening
- Dr. Trenary has recieved an email from applejobs@apple.com about a job offer at Apple.
  - The position offer is to be a Site Reliability Engineer.
  - It is recommended to have experience in python, perl, ruby, and go.
- hush is also going to come to Computer Club to recruit Computer Club members.
- If you would like to know more about this job, you can find details on Apple's site at this link: https://jobs.apple.com/us/search?job=54926243&openJobId=54926243#&openJobId=54926243.

### Books
- Feedback about the books says the interview book is great.
  - No answers in the book, but Hackerrank has a track of the book's author to help with programming.
- As a result of using this knowledge, strongth and pasportit have been offered jobs.
- Practicing for interviews will be available at the Computer Club office on Friday at 4 PM.
- You can also find job opportunities on the Computer Club wiki.
  - Recently, renix has put an opportunity there on the wiki.
	- You can check it out at this link: https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/wiki/Jobs.

### PLAN
- PLAN has been set up with the room at Parkview and with prizes from sponsors.
  - We have Meijer, Geek-Easy, and Level Data as our sponsors for PLAN this semester.
	- We are going to be giving away $450+ in prizes.
	- There will also be a mouse and a headset to give away.
  - We are currently waiting for them to return the forms to us.
- Now what we need to do is to start telling people about PLAN.
  - We have printed posters and we have a huge stack of them at the office.
  - Please grab some and put them up in your free time!
- dolphin is also helping us with Twitter and Facebook.
  
### Gold Lake High School
- kami and stringy talked to 5 classes about python and opportunities in Computer Science.
- Thanks for volunteering in the name of Computer Club! 

### RSO Advisor of the Month
- Many people in Computer Club have proposed to nominate and vote for Dr. Trenary to be the Advisor of the Month because of all the work he has done for us.
- If you would like to help us with this, you can nominate him at this link: http://wmich.edu/activities/rso/recognition.html.

> Meeting ends at 6:22 PM
