---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 26, 2017"
date: 2017-10-26T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20171026"
---

# October 26th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 13 people in attendance, including: dolphin-phone, zurek, mind, presto, leech, fedele, cookie, dolphin, hellbacon, kessler, kahrl, sgt

> 1:56 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Invisible Need Project Success

- Food drive took place last weekend and it was a huge Success

- We filled the floor of the Sunseeker trailer with dry goods

- Thank you to everybody that volunteered

### ICPC (International Collegiate Programming Contest)

- Good luck to the ICPC team with their event coming up in Grand Rapids

- [Click for more information on the regional Event](http://acm-ecna.ysu.edu/)

- [Click for general ICPC information](https://icpc.baylor.edu/)

### PLAN (Parkview LAN Event)

- PLAN is on  November 11th - 12th

- We are looking for volunteers for many aspects of PLAN including: Game Coordinators, Concessions, and Admissions

- Meeting will be tentatively set for Friday @ 3pm (confirm with Sgt)

- [PLAN Site](https://whatistheplan.com)

- P.S. Director of intermural sports talked to kahrl about starting an esports program at Western 

- If this excites you talk to Kahrl he is having a meeting with the Director this week

###  Server Updates
 
- We are currently trying to setup our server infrastructure to be more stable then it was in the past

- Currently we are running our service on Wakko/Yakko

- The new system will be set up with a control node and a compute node

- The compute node will be run on the hardware Jazz/Dot

- Specs for Jazz/Dot 24 core processor with 32GB of RAM which is very upgradable 

- Jazz/Dot will host our chat service, ssh server, and member accessible

- The control node will be a server donated by the department

- We will make use of the Horizon UI to allow members to spin off VM's at will from Jazz/Dot

- The VM's will be compartmentalized as an extra measure of sever security  
- We are currently waiting on OIT to open the ports needed to facilitate all of the server improvements

- For any questions or concerns talk to hellbacon

### General 

- Reminder to prepare for spring MHACKS so that we can arrange travel and stay(TBD)

- Matrix is currently seeking donations and if it is a system we would like to use then we should consider donating to them

- There is a weechat plugin for matrix that resemble the look of irc although round trip information transfer can be slow in some rooms, we are working on a right up for the exact implementation

- We are also thinking about bridging our matrix server to an irc server to allow member to access that chat in fashion 

- Eboard is also talking about making prevision for keeping in contact with member as they transition from students to alumni
