---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/12/2017"
date: 2017-01-12
---
# January 12th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 30 people in attendance, including: strongth, zurek, caes, rush, stringy, ohaimark, kami, mobyte, epikmemekid1998, nospace

> 6:05 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Spring 2017 Semester
- We welcome everyone to the new semester!
- Hopefully everyone had a great Winter Break and we are looking forward to everything that will be happening this semester.

### IRC
- IRC will soon be password protected in order to limit spam or unauthorized IRC usage.
  - This will eventually take effect, but not immediately in order to allow people to become aware of this change and to update their IRC bots.
  - It may be about 10 days until we are moved over to this new IRC server.
  
### Scholarship
- The President and Vice President of Computer Club will now earn $500 each semester toward their tuition.
- This has gone into effect last semester and it will be used for the foreseeable future.
- Thanks to flay, sphinx, and Dr. Carr.

### Email Server
- drc needs funding for our email server.
- If you can help, please let him know on IRC.
- Digital Ocean VPS can be used to refer towards our email system.

### PLAN
- Volunteers:
  - nospace, kami, zurek, ohaimark, strongth, kell, stringy, mobyte.
- The current tentative date for PLAN is April 8th.
- The first PLAN meeting will be this Friday at 5 PM in order to start organizing what we need to do.

### CTF Class
- nospace is now the professor of the CTF class for this semester.
- The time is currently listed at 2 PM on the WMU class directory but the time is going to be moved to 3 PM.
- The first class will be this Friday in the Computer Club office.
- It is a one credit hour class. If you take the CTF class 3 times, it counts as a CS Elective.
- You can still sign up until this Friday, but you must send an email to nospace or sphinx as soon as possible.

### Python Workshop
- Some professors have asked the Computer Club to help with a python workshop for kids.
- This could also help us teach about CTFs.
- This would take place during March, so more details will come in the next couple of weeks.

### Lifetime Membership
- cokezero has been given lifetime membership for Computer Club because of his contributions to this club.
- Thanks for all your help, cokezero!

### Richard Stallman Talk
- Richard Stallman is having a talk on January 30th at 7 PM at Kalamazoo College in Room 103 of the Olds-Upton building.
- caes has offered parking at his house if there is not enough space in the Kalamazoo College parking lot.
- To find out more about this event, go here: https://www.fsf.org/events/rms-20170130-kalamazoo.

### Oculus Touch Controller
- We are going to purchase the Oculus Touch controller since we have enough funds for it.
- This will cost the Computer Club $200.
- An alumni has given us $500 that could possibly go towards it.
- This can be helpful for our publicity because it will draw attention from people at events, such as Parkview Passport.
- To find out more information about the controller, check it out here: http://a.co/1PfFojk.

> Meeting ends at 6:21 PM
