---
title: "Meeting Minutes - July 13, 2017"
date: 2017-07-13T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170713"
---

# July 13th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 14 people in attendance, including: zurek, sphinx, hellbacon, sgt, Dolphin

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Road towards plan

- Date is set for the 11th and 12th of November
- We need to work on setting up a committy for that 

### Server updates

- Adding 32Ram DOT (our future VM server) would cost around $370
- That would allow us to offer 3GB RAM/VM 
- We will be reappplying Thermal paste to  Wakko
- also we could use a new heatsink and a fan for it  costing $60

### General

- We are reistered for bronco bash
- Sgt is the official VP of OPS
- We have to look at passport day more
- [Info on Gera](https://gera-it.com/)
