---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 16, 2017"
date: 2017-02-16T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170216"
---

# February 16th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 28 people in attendance, including: rush, mobyte, strongth, zurek, kami, becky, dolphin, kell

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Dynatrace Talk
- On March 2nd (two weeks from now) at the meeting, representatives from Dynatrace will be coming to Computer Club to give a free talk.
- The topic is currently unknown but it should be an interesting talk for anyone that wants to attend.

### Science Olympiad
- On February 25th, Computer Club volunteers will be meeting will be at the Bernhard Center for 30 minutes before the Science Olympiad event for registering.
- The plan is to meet at 12:30 PM in the Bernhard Center, Room 105.
- It would be ideal for volunteers to arrive before 12:30 because registration may take around 10 minutes and set up for the computers will be need to be done before the event starts at 1 PM.
- All of the materials are ready, but volunteers will be needed.
  - In addition to the people that volunteered from last week (kami, stringy, Steve Johnson, hellbacon, pasportit, strongth, and zurek), kell has also volunteered.
  - It is likely that only between 5 and 6 people will be needed for help.
- The event will last an hour long, so people volunteering to be judges should be prepared to be there for the entirety of the event.

### Oculus Rift
- zurek has 3D printed some mounts to hold the Oculus Rift and Oculus Touch on the wall.
  - This is to prevent any damage to the headset or the controllers.
  - It is also preferred to keep the cable off the ground so it is not damaged by being rolled over by chairs.
  - Please be careful with this technology and use the holders on the wall next to the monitor to preserve the lifespan of the Oculus Rift and Oculus Touch.
- Additionally, we are going to buy a third sensor for the Oculus Rift so it can provide more accurate tracking.
  - This will cost $79 and strongth has informed us that this is affordable in our budget.
- We're also buying googly eyes to put on the front of the Rift.

### Richard Stallman Talk
- The recording of the Richard Stallman talk from January 30th is now available at: https://vimeo.com/kalamazoocollege/review/203166957/41490a2135.
- It is a great talk to watch if you want to know more about free software and privacy.

### Interview Prep
- pasportit and strongth are doing some interview preparation activities tomorrow at noon in the Computer Club office.
- This can be a great opportunity to learn more about the skills needed to have a successful job interview for a Computer Science career, so anyone interested is encouraged to come.

### Vice President Nominations
- We will need a new Vice President of Computer Club for the next two months after nospace has stepped down.
- The person to be elected for this position will assist kami in any Computer Club responsibilities and will need to provide assistance with organizing and setting up PLAN for the Spring 2017 semester.
- The election will be next week, so everyone has the time between now and next Thursday to consider who they want to vote for.
- If you would like to submit an absentee ballot, please contact an officer on IRC.
- The following people have been nominated for the position of Vice President:
  - leech
  - zurek
  - dolphin
  - sgtsarcasm
  - mobyte

> Meeting ends at 6:24
