---
title: "Meeting Minutes - July 27, 2017"
date: 2017-07-27T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170727"
---

# July 27th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 10 people in attendance, including: zurek, kessler, Sgt, Dolfin, Hellbacon, cookie, mind

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### WSA

- We need to do an orientation for WSA to secure funding for them
- We could possibly use the funding to buy better software (ex. ida pro) or a better 3D Printer
- If theres any software or something else that you think club should allocate the money for  message someone on the Eboard

### PLAN
 
- Friday(7/28) at 6 there will be a metting for planning a PLAN plan schedule.
- We also need to talk to the past years sponsors and make sure that funding is secured and they they are taken care of.

### MHACKS

- MHACkS is coming up in september 22-24
- Free if you apply(https://mhacks.org/login)
- Things attendies may need to think about is money for gas and possibly thinking about getting a near by hotel room as sleeping spots are not garuanteed
- Kessler and dolfin went last year so if the website does not answer your questions they might be able to help.

### Dolfin's idea

- Dolfin would also like to start a project to build an IRC server with one of our boxes
- Contact dolfin if you are interested in heloing eith this or have experince in in such projects.

### General

- Riot just got updated(Can now un-ban people)
- A git library created by Mdlayher is going to be used for automatically backing up our servers (yakko, jazz, dot, etc...)
- Zulip is a possible option for chat hosting(https://zulip.org/ , https://zulip.org/features.html ,  https://chat.zulip.org/accounts/login/) 

### Important Reminder
- August 11th will be the date for switch completely to a Riot/Vector/Matrix chat service.
