---
title: "Meeting Minutes - May 11, 2017"
date: 2017-05-11T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2017
filename: "20170511"
---

# May 11th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: cookie, mobyte, crane, cpg, kahrl, stringy, ohaimark, providence, zurek, yillivs, dolphin, trip, hellbacon,typo


> 5:59 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### General

- Karhl talked to Dr. Carr. Dr. Carr wanted to express that he values the computer club as part of the computer science community.

- Dr. Car is also working on hosting a  hackathon at WMU in the early fall. 

- Michigan tech is still doing bonzai brawl something to think about doing in the future. Information at <http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/index.php>.

- There is not a robo sumo club that does robo sumo. Karhl would like some feedback from the club and see who is interested. 

- For a general idea, spinx suggested a first task. We would program a robot to follow a line in a race competition.
 

### Question about Yakko

- No on going investigation concerning anything with yakko.

- JJohnson and club still have to talk about some specific issues. 

- For now, Jason Johnson has a sudo account to access yakko and he will have physical access to the system. 

- Jason has already conceded that after he accesses the server he will give us a log of what he did.

- The club would like a schedule of periodic checkins or at least some notice of before the check in with the server. Result in later news.
