---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 19, 2018"
date: 2018-04-19T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2018
filename: "20180419"
---

# April 19th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> x people in attendance: Kahrl, Zurek, Spacedog, dolphin, taco, Tank21, sgt, dropshock, Hellbacon, Kami, shiranui, cookie, drewR, backbutton, jpenn, mind

> 5:37 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### General

- Kahrl's last meeting.

- He would like to thank us all for being a part of club and for giving him a platform to serve club.

- Let all say thanks to Kahrl for a great year at computer club.

### Dr. Stapleton's Reactions

- Dr. Stapleton had a good time at elections and appreciated her letting us in to see the process.

- Dr. Trenary appreciated how thing went and was glad that she came.

### Robotics Mentoring Opportunity

- A high school in Schoolcraft is looking for programming mentors for there robotics team

- If you are familiar with programming and robotics. Let kahrl know if you are interested in helping with this project.


### Spacedog need short term housing

- Sunday May 6-11th Space dog is looking for a place to stay east of Lansing (Near Detroit).

- He will be working 9am-6pm so he just needs a place to sleep.

- If you can help out please pm spacedog.


### Summer Projects

- DrewR is going to be doing a lot of work on the server infrastructure this summer. 

- If anybody would like to help please pm DrewR.

- We are going to revise and reformat the club constitution this summer.

- Talk to Kahrl if interested.

### Spring Club Information Talks

- Kahrl would like to give two talks next spring: (1) How to use Atom IDE for C relative to 2230 and 3240, (2) Using open source to make 3D printing models

- Stringy is very open to the idea of giving a talk next September. He will have to take time off work so we might have to seek funding to compensate him a bit.

- We can reach out to the Learning community Initiative to try and help fund some interesting talks this spring.
