---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 1, 2018"
date: 2018-02-01T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2018
filename: "20180201"
---

#February 1st, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: taco, dolphin-phone, DrewR, spacedog, taylor, zurek, Kahrl, Tank21, ohaimark, sphinx, cookie, sgt, leech, mind, typo

> 5:57 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall


### Chili at Club

- Tomorrow night(Friday) at 6:30  Kahrl and Zurek are making there award winning chili at club.

- Please join us in the club office!


### Strongth's Words of Advice

-  Strongth has two words he would like to share with us

- IBM ,which is where Strongth works in Texas, have internships in software development available for this summer that they are currently looking to fill.[Click here for job opportunities](https://www-03.ibm.com/employment/us/entry_level_campus.shtml)

- Strongth will be giving a workshop  on TDD(test driven development) with J-Unit and java. The event will take place on Friday 2/8, we have 9 people interested in going. 

- If you are interested in applicable experience that would help in an AGILE practicing work place or if you will be taking senior design soon this is good knowledge for you.

- Talk to Kahrl and Strongth if you are interested in either of there opportunities.


### Club Finances 

- The club currently posses $5500($1500+ from last year) between our paypal and bank account.

- Kahrl proposes that we should allocate some of these resources for PLAN including prizes and advertisement.

- We voted and majority rules that we should allocate $1000 dollars to make this PLAN the best plan yet using the money for the prizes and additional advertisement.


### Matrix Finance 

- Matrix(The software on which our chat system is built on) recieved a donation of $5,000,000 which is great for our chat platform!

- We have in the past discussed contributing to Matrix in support of a product that we use, but in light of this sizable donation they just received we will bring that the topic back up at a later date. 


### Jobs

- A new #jobs room has been made in riot for people to post any job offers that they feel might interest club members.

- Sphinx still needs a third person for a network administration job at Parkview for network related tasks security related things. Talk to sphinx if interested.

- Striker is looking to hire software development interns for this summer. If you are interested in applying talk to the mind.

- IBM in Texas is looking to hire summer software development interns as well. Talk to Strongth if you are interested.


### Embedded Systems Venture Project

- Dr. Al-Fuqaha is offering and Embedded Systems Venture certificate that can go on top of your degree.

- The course last over two semester, the only pre-requisites being CS2230 and ECE2500 

- Talk to Kahrl or Dr. Al-Fuqaha if you are interested.


### GFS

- GFS decided that they would allow us a club to get a membership for discounts at GFS. 

- There is no membership fee so we might as well join so that if someone is not around with a wholesale club card we have a cheaper option for shopping than the super market.

- They also allow online order so that we can just walk in and pick up the goods. 

- As long as you know the our membership number you are free to use it for personal use whenever you want. (Will be posted upon receiving)


# Chili Tomorrow @ 6:30!
