---
title: "Meeting Minutes - January 18, 2018"
date: 2018-01-18T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# January 18th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: taco, dolphin-phone, DrewR, spacedog, taylor, zurek, Kahrl, Tank21, Aaron, ben, cookie, sgt, leech, etc...

> 5:57 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### RSO Leader Meeting Information

- Yesterday Kahrl went an RSO Leaders meeting and has some interesting event to share with us:

- There is a STEM job fair on campus. Some companies will be the same as from the Engineering Career Fair @ Parkview, but some will exclusively be at this fair.

- For more information about the STEM Job fair [click here](https://wmich.joinhandshake.com/career_fairs/2726/student_preview)

- Science Olympiad will be here March 24th. The computer science portion of the competition will have a revamped setting from last year.

- The Olympiad always needs volunteers. If interested contact Scott Conant @ (scot.conant@wmich.edu)

- [Click here and click region 10 for event information](http://miscioly.org/regions/)

- If you are going to be around your high school around spring break and you would like to talk about western about your experience. Go to the western advising office to pick up some western swag to pass out.


### Video Game Development Club

- A club member Aaron Martindale is looking to start a branch of the computer club called the video game development club.

- The tentative meeting time will be 3:30-5:00pm @ the waldo library

- Contact Aaron Martindale @ (269)364-4291 knt6889@wmich.edu


### BonzAI Brawl

- During the second weekend in April, MTU will be putting on an AI development competition.

- This a basic AI competition that would be easy enough for all levels of programming knowledge.

- The idea is for us to just compete remotely from our campus and digitally submit our work.

- Dr. Carr would like us to get 4-5 teams of 2-3 people together so that we can setup a competition environment here.

- The BonzAI API is java and that would be the main programming language for the competition.

- For more information on BonzAI Brawl [click here!](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/)

- DrewR will setup a [Screeps Server](https://github.com/screeps/screeps) to help us prepare for BonzAI Brawl


### PLAN 28 

- The spring plan this year will take place on March 24-25.

- PLAN meetings will start tomorrow. Meeting time will be tentatively schedule for 2pm on Fridays for every Friday until PLAN.

- Lets all put in effort to make this the best PLAN yet!


### Student Tutoring Position

- If you are looking for a on campus job next semester (Fall 2018), the Student Success Center will be hiring CS Tutors.

- The position will require slightly more than CS I && II knowledge

- Talk to SGT for more information.






