---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 29, 2018"
date: 2018-03-29T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# March 29th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: Kahrl, Zurek, fidget, dolphin, leech, spacedog, cookie, sgt, tank, taco, sans, taylor, jpenn

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Dr. Kaminski for Commendation

- Dr. Carr would like to see that Dr. Kaminski receive the Distinguish Teacher Award this year.

- To put your vote forward for the Distinguished Teacher Award talk to kahrl for the link.

### CS Scholarship Dollars

- There is unclaimed CS scholarship money that has not yet been claimed this year.

- If you are interested in these scholarships first check your WMU email. If you are having trouble finding the messages let someone know in officers.  

### Opportunities in Coding 

- There is an opportunity for a summer coding boot camp. If you are interested talk to kahrl.

- [codepath.org](codepath.org) has a 12 week white board style interview course that takes place this summer and would be beneficial to those looking for jobs in the industry .

- BonzAI brawl is taking place Saturday April 7th

### BonzAI Brawl

- During the second weekend in April, MTU will be putting on an AI development competition.

- This a basic AI competition that would be easy enough for all levels of programming knowledge.

- The idea is for us to just compete remotely from our campus and digitally submit our work.

- Dr. Carr would like us to get 4-5 teams of 2-3 people together so that we can setup a competition environment here.

- The BonzAI API is java and that would be the main programming language for the competition.

- For more information on BonzAI Brawl [click here!](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/)

- DrewR will setup a [Screeps Server](https://github.com/screeps/screeps) to help us prepare for BonzAI Brawl

### Officer Election

- Nominations for officer elections are next week at meeting.

- Two weeks from now will be the elections themselves

- Stringy will be running the  voting system again

- Elected positions are Pres, VP, secretary, Treasurer, VP of Finance.




