---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 14, 2019"
date: 2019-03-14T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# March 14, 2019 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by backbutton in Firefox

> People in attendance, including: cookie, aerospice, caligula, presto, dolphin, taylor, alu, cookie, zurek,spacedog, drewr, kahrl, sweeney, typo, sphinx

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Interview Questions

* tomorrow we are getting together around 3:30 for cracking the coding interview coverage

### UCSB ICTF

* USCB has an attack-defense style ctf tomorrow

* you will write software for a virtual car

* it will need to bypass some security measures

* there is a jeopardy style portion that gives hints about the car portion

* 1:00 

* it has sort of become less club supported

* we could try to make the class work

### Science Olympiad

* we could pitch this for next saturday to cs2 for possible volunteers for this

* we could volunteer for this

* caligula, spacedog, cookie, and backbutton are there so far

* it could be fun

* this is on the 23rd

### Future of CTF

* if you are here past this semester we could use help to get it more structured and club supported

* kami helped in the past and was compensated for her help

* that is leadership and programming experience for your resume

* if interested contact cookie or sphinx on riot

### Purchase ODB2 Scan Tool

* On Board Diagnostic scan tool

* every modern car has a computer that monitors some things

* when something goes wrong, the computer stores the issue for access later

* we could get one for the club

* we can probably find one that has universal function

### Dr. Kapenga needs Volunteers

* he needs volunteers for something related to kamsc

* it is a programming contest related group

* details are kind of hazy right now

### Programming Contest Group

* Kapenga was also interested in finding more people for programming contest group for the fall

* we had 3 teams last semester

* it is somewhere else

* if interested talk to spacedog

* it may overlap with the kamsc thing?

### Hang the Projector

* sphinx got some links from josh grant about hanging the projector on the ceiling

* we may not have all of the equipment

* we could have some thins here already

* if we get him the model of the projector he could tell us exactly what to buy

* we may need some of the people from facilities to mount it

* they may charge us for that

* we may need a wireless projector

* we could plug the chromecast into the projector's hdmi port

### Spring Cleaning

* we need to clean and organize the room

* if interested let cookie know

* it will probably be next wednesday night 

* that is subject to change if wanted

### Game Jam

* This will be completely online

* spacedog would like to propose a cash prize of $50 for the winner

* the motion for the $50 cash prize passed

* the contestants will build a game based on a certain theme

* the winner will be judged based on quality and connection to the theme

* spacedog, sphinx, kahrl, kami, strongth, and others have already shown interest

* there will be some marketing online, but not very much

* posters will be posted around parkview

* teams will be fine, but they will split the money

* this will be March 29-31

### Nominations/Elections

April 4th will be nominations for positions

* april 11th will be election for those positions

* they include president, vice president, secretary, treasurer, and vp of finance

* that is cookie, spacedog, backbutton, skuld, and kahrl respectively

* stringy could get our voting section going for elections

### Camera?

* we will also be taking pictures on april 11th for club

* we may get a really nicec camera for club

### After Meeting Talk

* we don't have an after meeting talk scheduled until the end of the semester, due to elections and similar activities

* the sign up sheet is still in officers, or let us know in officers

### Dinner

* Is at wings at 7:00

* avalon after dinner

* Talk to dolphin if interested
