---
title: "Meeting Minutes - January 17, 2019"
date: 2019-01-17T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

January 17, 2019 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by backbutton in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including:zurek, spacedog, taylor, caligula, pumpkin, cookie, aerospice, alu, typo, sweeney, presto, tali, kloranthy





> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Interview Practice

* as mentioned before, we are setting up a time for getting a white board interview practice section

* 330 on fridays after ctf

* it will be in the room

### Science Olympiad

* science olympiad was mentioned in an rso meeting last wednesday

* code busters for high school and game on for the middle schoolers

* we may need volunteers for that

* if aviliable on march 23rd, let cookie or spacedog know in officers on riot

### PNC Information

* skuld (Josephine Anna Wall) is our new treasurer

* skuld is going to be added as a signer on the pnc account

### PLAN plan

* plan is our lan party over at parkview

* our attendance/participation has been low over the past few semesters

* we need to schedule a time to talk about it

* we will talk about it on a friday

* we will discuss it later

### Minutes Mailer

* we need to fix our minutes mailer, which will help with emailing the minutes

* if interested pm cookie or spacedog

* you can also say something in officers

* we could put in a possible alumni day

### Fight Night

* friday fight night has been moved to 6pm on fridays

* if interested pm skuld or come tomorrow

### Cclub spotlight

* Kirk@widr got his problem taken care of with it

* he is interested in running an rso spotlight for club

* if interested in talking about club, pm spacedog

### MSP430s

* msp430s have had a final purchase ready

* next week we may be putting together msp430 parts

* it is sort of like a fundraiser for us

* we will need 30-40 kits

* it will be on monday or wednesday

* rsos have an event coming up to go to the tennis courts and display pieces for rsos

### Promotional Ideas

* we could work a little on our fliers

* we could also get some business cards

* when we get stuff for tables, we bring the arcade machine and fliers

* we are looking for ideas

* get an arcade machine that is at least half of the size of our current one

* msp430s

* get a couple of other projects

* we could do usb drives

### Rocketry

* the rocketry are looking to put together a control system for a rocket with arduino

* if anybody is interested, the a&aa lab is on the second floor of the building and they will be there at 4 tomorrow

* if interested, pm aerospice on riot

* it is a good opportunity

### Business College Pitch Competition

* the business college pitch competition

* competition for $5000 give a three minute pitch for an innovative business idea

* if you go to wmich.edu/pitch the info is there

### Engineering Week 

* cclub could host a virtual gaming competition during this time slot

* if you know virtual gaming, ping cookie or spacedog in officers

* we have a vr rig in the corner

### Misc

* skuld is giving an after meeting talk on opengl 2(electric boogaloo)

* spacedog has a talk next week on making music w a gameboy

* dinner is at bilbos

-we will now have a switch dock in the room
