---
title: "Meeting Minutes â€“ 04/18/2019"
date: 2019-04-18
---
# April 18, 2019 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by backbutton in Firefox

> People in attendance, including: limpbizkit, alu, cookie, sweeney, kahrl, taylor, spacedog, tyrna, tali, cpg, drewr, tank, zurek, coop, presto

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

## Over the Summer

* all of these things could be used to bring in new members

### New Fliers

* we need colorful fliers

* somebody should not see a boring black and white flier

* we could also get flash drives to give away

* this could be useful for passport day, bronco bash, and early cs class visit

### Fix Office Command

* we need to fix the office command

* if you want to help with this, come see cookie

* this would be extremely helpful for taylor to see who all is in the room when she generates minutes

### VM availability on Servers

* we can put up a vm/shell

* hellbacon believes that we could set up an ssh shell for this

* we could set up some autonomy for it

* this could set up our club with a feature that other people would not have

### Make a budget

* to receive wsa funding, around $3000, we need to make a budget for computer club

* the treasurer should be in charge of this

* we could use the money

### Continue on Snacks

* we need to come up with a solution to secure our snacks and our money

* we just need to keep up on tabs, putting shame on people that have more than $20 owed

* we could also restrict access to certain club features at that point

* we need to secure the money big time

* possibly a vending machine

### Gaming PC

* we have approved $1500 for a good quality gaming PC

* we need to set up windows licenses for some of these computers, too

* we need more for our gaming systems in general, i.e. mice and headphones

### Displays/Demos

* over the summer we could get some displays and demos for passport day and bronco bash

* we could hack the signal to a drone

* if you have any ideas for projects, let us know in officers

### Mount Projector

* we need to talk to more people about getting the projector mounted

* now that our schedules are hopefully let up, summer would be a good time to get this taken care of

### Club Historian?

* since alu got the wiki edited, presto has looked at our history a little bit

* there is little to no documentation of our history

* in order to improve the longevity of our club, we need to keep some things documented

* this club has been around for around 43 years

* next semester, we should have a proper historian role

* until then, presto is willing to help set this up

* we could talk to hardin, trenary, magoo, sphinx, and others

### Jobs

* notlikethesoup  says that leveldata is looking for a developer

* billy says that safari circuits is looking for a full time it/cis-admin and a developer position

* if interested look on the jobs channel on riot

### Cookie's Farewell

* cookie says that he was very happy to be our president and was honored that he was elected

* he counts every one of us as a friend

* he will be moving to the detroit area in the near future

### Wiki

* alu wants to make sure that all of the personal pages are updated

* we are officially into every social media except for flickr

### Dinner

* dinner is at Gonzo's at 7:00
