---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/16/2020"
date: 2020-01-16
---
# January 16th, 2020 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by Taylor in vim

> 22 people, spacedog, dolphin, kahrl, drewr, alu, zurek, typo, taylor

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

## current events

### graduation applications
- fall 2020 due February 1st
- change deadlines
- please spread the word 
- get in touch with advisers or online to graduate

### science Olympiad
- March 21
- codebusters and game on
- need help 3 or 4 people
- free food and shirt for helping

## club events

### CCAW JAM 3
- Jan 24-26
- 6 extra hours!
- $50 prize
- submit themes
- game jam hackathon when you make video game and people vote and the person gets $50 prize money
- need people participate!

### chili cookoff
- jam 26
- pick 5 favorites?
- categories?
- happening making lots of chilly
- valley 3 cafeterias not valley dining center!

## club business

### new pc is in the process of being ordered
- ordered parts
- PCI express 4.0
- full AMD build
- radian 57 XT
- 3 fans
- 1 terabyte m2 drive
- 16 gig ram
- Ryzen processer
- check the pc build room in officers for full specks


### Parkview tour station
- money confirmed
- need to write a report of what we plan to buy
- previous upgrade plan still good
- cool demos stations

- cool way for recruiting people
- please pitch ideas to officer’s chat room!

####   possible ideas?
- led strip sorting algorithm
- attack defense
- possibly new PC 
- get new   VR station(wireless)
- 3d mottling at Parkview to make a game
- computers running game jam ideas
- need to make a document with all ideas

## jobs

### repository and web applications developer at university libraries
- full stack
- php, MySQL, angular, JavaScript
- 58k a year?
- university libraries

## senior design project msp 430
- for 2230
- nightmare for instructors when it comes to troubleshooting because of wiring and hardware issues along with code issues
- wires the equipment  on board and fits over the Texas instruments  msp430 boards 
- sponsored by Club

### dinner
- pizza

