---
title: "Meeting Minutes - September 9, 2021"
date: 2021-09-09T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2021
filename: "20210909"
---

# September 9th, 2021 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by Duke

> 22 people in attendance

> 6:03 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

## Cafe critique is back next week.
- Career zone as well.

## Pandemic policy reminders- vaccinations and masks
- If only one in club room, you may take your mask off.

## Blacktops- Karl talked about CS 2230, what the class is.
- Club usually makes board for the class to get revenue.
- This makes the class a lot easier.
- Assembly will be donated by Stryker.
- If you are interested in making a new barebones software for the microchips for your senior project in the next two years, talk to Karl.
- In need of about msp430's due to shortages, if you have one you don't want we will buy it from you.

## Discussed chip shortage and why it is happening

## Purchases- what we might need for the room
- Make a list for what we need in the room, buy in bulk for the club
    - Batteries, heatgun, better webcam for meeting streaming, snacks- send requests to Alu
    - Halloween decorations?
- Have to vote as a club for bigger purchases 

## Memberships- new people talk to Alu to get signed up for an account, $10 membership fee

## Resources available to students:
- Can ride Kalamazoo buses for free with Bronco ID
- Github offers student developer pack- free resources and programs to try out
- O'Rielly mediabooks free for students
- cclub has our own shelf of books to use
- library might have textbooks you can loan out

## Books that people requested from Trenary's- take them, please

# Dinner = Hopcat = 7:00
