---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 31, 2022"
date: 2022-03-31T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# March 31, 2022

> Minutes taken by acp

> 6 people in attendance

## No More Covid Testing

 - Covid Testing has been closed indefinetly.
 - No longer required to get covid tested every week.
 - Masks are only required in classrooms and instructional rooms

## CS Undergrad Scholarships

 - CS Undergrad Scholarships are still open for a few days
 - Could be some easy money

## Pview Study Lounge

 - Parkview study lounges have new furniture
 - Please fill out the survey, it's someones senior design project

## Stickers

 - New stickers are in
 - They will be at the hackathon if you would like to pick them up there

## CTF Top 50

 - Completed top 50 in UofMs Ctf
 - Good job alu on getting most of the points

## Hackathon

 - Hackathon schedule is complete
 - Doors will be locked 11pm to 7am
 - Kahrl and Sphinx will be staying overnight on the Bernhards Request

## Jobs + Talks

 - Check WMU email, Dr. Gupta has been sending some out regarding jobs and talks
 - Job was at Upjohn
 - Gupta has PDF regarding the talks

## Western Weekend

 - Western weekend is this Saturday.
 - acp will be working the table.
 - It's a recruiting event, RSO fair for admitted students.
 - Was supposed to be outside, but it will be 40 and rainy so we don't really know what's going on with that.

## Day of Giving

 - April 13th is day of giving.
 - Each RSO is given designation for donations, non of the money goes to Western
 - Looking to get as many possible unique donors.
 - College that gets the most unique donors gets large sum of prize money afterwards.

## Elections

 - Elections are coming up soon
 - We will need nominations first.
 - Elections will be the last meeting of the semester, the meeting before finals week.
 - April 21st will be election day.