---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 6, 2023"
date: 2023-04-06T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2023
filename: "20230406"
---

# Minutes for Apr 6th, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, estlin, rezenee, kahrl

## Blood Drive

The CEAS Blood Drive is on Monday, 04/10. Students who donate blood will recieve a $15 gift card and an entry to win an E-Bike.

## Students Want to Test Antennas

Some high school students would like to test their Wi-Fi lab antennas before they go to the state-level Science Olympiad competition. We'll be reassembling our setup to help them out.

## Summer CS3240

A Summer session of CS3240 will possibly be available. An email was sent out to check engagement.

## Student Success Center Jobs

The Student Success Center is looking for tutors. It will involve 15-20 hours of work per week and requires a 3.0 GPA. To get involved, check your email for an invitation or contact alu if you didn't get an email.

## Student Event

The final Student Event of the semester is on 04/14. We're required to attend it.

At some point afterward, we will be taking the arcade cabinet from Parkview back to Club room.

## Server Party

Next meeting 04/13 will be a server party. Bring your own dinner because the session might go fairly long.

Because acp and alu will be graduating, it's time to pass on information about the servers. acp will be providing information on the following topics:
 * What is on the Club servers.
 * Linux administration.
 * High-level architecture.
 * How everything runs.
 * How Docker is set up.

## Board Game Night

Hosted on Tuesdays at 19:00. Talk to estlin or crosstangent for more information.

## Lockbox

Do we want to get a lockbox for our register? Voice your opinions in Club chat.

## Nomination Time

Current nominations include:
 * President: crosstangent, rezenee
 * Vice President: rezenee, estlin, crosstangent
 * Secreatary: rlilleyman, jeon
 * Treasurer: estlin
 * Vice-Treasurer: N/A
