---
title: "Meeting Minutes - January 12, 2023"
date: 2023-01-12T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# First Meeting of the Semester

Minutes for Jan 12th, 2022

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, jeon, caligula, estlin, rezenee, hoken, aerospice, patty, sphinx, kahrl

## Introductions

alu gives introductions for all the Officers.
 * President: alu
 * Vice-President: acp
 * Treasurer: caligula
 * Vice-Treasurer: estlin
 * Secretary: crosstangent

## Blacktops

A request is made for $1300 to be allocated for purchasing blacktops (no purchase is needed for MSPs). Note that there was a previous vote for this expense but it was for an inadequate sum.

## Merch Store

We have a new merch store on Bonfire that alu set up. Currently released is the "summer line." The decision was made to use "batch shipping" to make more money for Club, as opposed to have merch shipping immediately.

## Science Olympiad

Club will be helping out with Science Olympiad on March 18th, testing students on their ability to complete a WiFi Lab. Free lunch. There will be a training session on Saturday March 20th from 15:50-17:00.

## Admitted Student Events

From 13:00 to 16:00 on 2/3, 2/10, 2/24, 3/24, 4/14, WMU is hosting admitted student events. Dr. Carr will be donating $1000 if Club attends all five events.

## CEAS Job Fair Ambassadors

The College of Engineering and Applied Sciences is hiring for a paid position to help with their job fair. It requires availability in the morning on 2/7, 2/8, 2/9. A response is required by 1/27. Speak to alu for more information.

## Class Visits

We need Club members to visit classes and pitch new people to join Club. The week we would normally do this is the week we will be voting on the Constitution, so we will push Class Visits out one more week. There is a spreadsheet available for tracking who is available to attend and talk about Club.

## Hackathon

Hackathon will be on 3/25 and 3/26. Just before, on 3/23, it is planned that we will update our group photo, as the last one was taken in 2019.

## Constitution

An ammendment for the constitution has been proposed. It was read aloud in full and will be voted on in two weeks, on 1/26.

## Last Day to Drop/Add

The last day to drop or add classes to one's schedule is 1/17.