---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 2, 2023"
date: 2023-03-02T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# Minutes for Mar 2nd, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, caligula, estlin, rezenee, chago, rob, girrockss, kahrl, flay, aerospice, +5 others

## Student Events

We're now half-way through the Admitted Student Events. Reminder: we're receiving $1300 if we attend every one.

## Golden Bronco Awards

The Golden Bronco Awards are open for nomination: Individual Awards, RSO Awards, People's Choice Awards, and Greek Awards. The RSO Awards are the ones we care about—they recognize outstanding RSOs or members thereof.

## Advisor Awards

There are four categories: Excellence in Academic Advising, Outstanding New Advisor, Service in Academic Advising, Student's Choice. Nominations are open until March 24th. Consider nominating someone who you think is deserving.

## Fall Registration

Fall registration opens in two weeks. Specifically, it is available for seniors on the 15th.

## Blacktops

They got stuck in customs, but were delivered today (03/02). They will be given out to students after Spring Break. Note that students have already paid for their Blacktops when they paid for their MSPs, so we will not be collecting money.

## Midterm Grades

Midterm grades are due on 03/13. Note that the withdrawal deadline is 03/20, so if you are considering withdrawing from classes, you have up to a week after after seeing midterm grades.

## RSO Websites

Engineers Without Borders, Concrete Canoe, Sunseeker, and IISE have all asked for help building websites.

## Science Olympiad

Directly after Spring Break, the next weekend is Science Olympiad (03/18). We need volunteers to help run the WiFi lab early in the morning at Sangren. Food will be provided.

## Hackathon

The hackathon will be from 18:00 on the 03/25 to 18:00 on 03/26. It's a 24-hour event in the Bernhard Center West Ballroom.

## Board Game Night

Hosted on Tuesdays at 19:00. Talk to estlin or crosstangent for more information.

## RSO Reregistration

alu sent kahrl paperwork that needs to be signed. We will also need to complete "RSO Orientation" to receive funding from the university. Completing reregistration allows us to participate in Bronco Bash. 

## Spring Break

Spring Break begins tomorrow, 03/03. Note that there will be no meeting during Spring Break.

## WIDR Shows

jeon has a radio show called Metal Till Midnight on WIDR now. Thursday nights from 23:00-24:00.