---
title: "Meeting Minutes - February 2, 2023"
date: 2023-02-02T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2023
filename: "20230202"
---

# Minutes for Feb 2nd, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, caligula, estlin, chago, aerospice, kahrl, rezenee, girrockss, thegreat40, + 4 others

## Student Event

There will be an admitted student event tomorrow (02/03) from 12:30-15:30, although we need to arrive at 12:00. High school students who have been admitted to Western will be attending, looking to see if Western is a good fit.

## Mental Health Week

The college will have mental health week 02/20-02/24. Parkview will be having a "relax/destress room." They are looking for input on what people would like included in that.

## CEAS Food Drive

Running from 02/01-02/14. For every $5 an individual donates, they receive an entry to win a $500 scholarship. If anyone wishes to donate, go to the front desk in Parkview.

## IT Disruption

Western is in the process of recovering from the IT Service Distruption. WMU Secure is available again, but password resets are not. If anyone is having issues, contact IT support, and failing that, speak to an officer.

## Spring Engineering Expo

Will be in Bernhard Center in the main (second floor) ballroom from 10:00-14:00 on 02/08.

## Employer Night

Will be held on Wednesday 02/08 in the Parkview Room. For Paper, Chemical, Electrical, and Mechanical engineers, although all are invited. Resume feedback and interview prep.

## Cafe Critique

DENSO will be reviewing resumes on 02/03 and 02/06 in the first-floor lobby of Floyd Hall from 12:00-15:00.

## Summer Classes

Available to view presently. Registration is available for seniors starting on 02/08.

## Board Game night

Will be hosted on Tuesdays at 19:00 going forward. Talk to estlin or crosstangent for more information.
