---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/23/2023"
date: 2023-03-23
---
# Minutes for Mar 23rd, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, estlin, girrockss, kahrl, spacedog, jeon, aerospice

## Hackathon

This Sunday 03/26 is hackathon, from 09:00-22:00 in the Bernhard Center's West Suites (room 208-210). Check out the #hackathon channel for more information or to ask questions.

acp will be attending the budget deliberation tomorrow (03/24) so we don't have to pay for Hackathon out-of-pocket.

Tentative Schedule:
* 9:00 - People start arriving. Teams form. Begin hacking.
* 12:00 - spacedog will be giving a talk.
* 13:00 - Pizza lunch provided.
* 14:30 - strongth will be giving a talk.
* 18:00 - Dinner will be provided from Jimmy Johns.
* 20:00 - Deadline for submission of projects.
* 21:00 - Project judging.
* 21:30 - Wrap up and pack up. Bernhard Center needs us out by 22:00.

Prizes include Best Overall, Best Using Hardware, and Best Using External Service. Note that we have some passes for the classic arcade in Gobels that will be given away.

## Registration

The last day to withdraw was Monday. Registration for Fall classes is now open for most people.

## DHL Bill

We will be paying the University Library's DHL Bill through the Dean's Office. ~$550 will remain in Dean's Office funds.

## Admitted Student Event

WMU is ready to cut us our cheque for the the Student Events. We are still expected to attend future Student Events. Tomorrow (03/24) will be the next one, and there will be two more on 04/01 and 04/14.

## OIT Transition

Chris Rand has taken a job elsewhere and will no longer be in OIT as of the end of the semester. This means that someone new will be in charge of the server room. alu has talked to Dean Butt to ensure we don't get "lost in the shuffle."

## Fall 23/Spring 24 Scholarships

Applications for Computer Science scholarships for next year are due on 04/01. Being a full-time student is a requirement.

## Science Olympiad

Science Olympiad happened last weekend. Next year, WMU will be hosting the state competition as well as the regional competition. Some further stress-testing might be needed for future years.

## Elections!

acp is graduating, and alu will be working a full-time job next semester. Elections will be coming up shortly. Nominations will be done during the first week of April, so consider who you might want on the Executive Board.

## Board Game Day

Saturday 03/25 will be all-day board games. Talk to estlin or crosstangent for more information.