---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 04/13/2023"
date: 2023-04-13
---
# Minutes for Apr 13th, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, estlin, kahrl, rezenee, rober, zurek, girrockss

## Student Events

Our last Student Event is this Friday (04/13).

## Senior Design

Senior Design presentations will be occurring during the upcoming week.

## Bronco Bash and Passport Day

Both Bronco Bash and Passport Day will be happening as in previous years. Bronco Bash should be available for sign-up presently. We should make any special requests (such as having access to a power-draw) sooner rather than later.

We will be recieving further information on Passport Day shortly.

## Funding Requests

Scott has said that funding request forms will be sent out over the Summer. These forms should be filled out for all funding through the entire Fall 2023 and Spring 2024 school year. To recieve funding, those requests should be submitted sooner rather than later. If people are interested in going to DEFCON, we might be able to receive funding to do so.

## Mini Arcade Cabinet

kahrl has found a bartop arcade kit. It has the following feature available:
* Works for two players simultaneously.
* 8-button setup.
* Multiple color options are available. If anyone has strong opinions, let estlin know or we will be defaulting to black.
* Accessories:
  * We will be purchasing 4-inch speakers, an amp, and a power supply for $30 more than the base-model.
  * aerospice will be making buttons and joysticks so we do not need to purchase those directly, but we might need to purchase components at a future date.

The total cost at this time will be $159.98. A vote to make this purchase passed unanimously.

## Cash Drawer

We might be purchasing a cash drawer soon. We need to ensure it can interface with our point-of-sale system, which requires RJ-45 support.

## Student Ambassadors and Tutors

Scott is looking for Student Ambassadors over the Summer.

Furthermore, the Student Success Center is also still looking for tutors. Tutoring for a given class requires a B or better in that class.

## Fridge

The (nonfunctional) fridge will be taken away at some point soon.

## Server Workshop

Directly after meeting, acp will be providing a server workshop.

## Board Game Night

Hosted on Tuesdays at 19:00. Talk to estlin or crosstangent for more information.