---
title: "Meeting Minutes - October 10, 2024"
date: 2024-10-10T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# meeting minutes for October 10, 2024
minutes taken by estlin.

## attendance
estlin, rezenee, hammer, girrockss, caligula, alliexpress, poisson, tosh, braid, rober

## minutes

### spring registration
schedule is out, priority registration starts on october 21

### cs/cycs job fair
october 30

### game jam
runs october 24-31

voting is october 31-november 7, winner will be announced at meeting on november 7. 

spacedog will be giving a talk about making games on friday, october 25 at 6pm. 

rezenee will put a google form in geeks for topic suggestions. 

### snacks
all snacks on the shelf and in the fridge now cost money. check the packaging for a price tag. 

you can use the POS system next to the fridge to track your spending, put cash in the drawer to pay for things or send money to the paypal: 

snacks on the table next to the chalkboard are all free to take and will be pitched this sunday if they're not taken. they're all expired (some of them for multiple years, even). 

### purchase proposal
$180 for project bins. 20$/each for 4x30qt bins, $25$/each for 4x46qt bins. weathertight bins from The Container Store. 

purchase proposal approved. 

if you start a project but leave room before you finish, put your project in a bin and label it using the label maker with your name and current year/semester. update the label if you work on it during a future semester. projects that have been abandoned for 3+ years are available for other people to take and/or throw out as they see fit. 

### cleaning
Please clean up after yourself when you leave the room, do not leave trash on the tables or the floor. please clean up cables and whatnot lying around. 

### spring break next week
there will not be a meeting. 
