---
title: "Meeting Minutes - March 21, 2024"
date: 2024-03-21T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
summary: "Meeting minutes from this date"
year: 2024
filename: "20240321"
---

# Minutes for Computer Club at WMU meeting of March 21, 2024
Minutes taken by estlin.

## Attendance
* crosstangent
* rezenee
* alu
* girrockss
* spacedog
* estlin
* fet
* bluebell
* angel
* spectro
* poisson
* rober
* keysboard
* nik
* acp

## WMU Info

### Admitted Student Events
11:30 to 4:30 on the following dates: March 22, April 12, April 13
Upper floor of Floyd Hall in C220? Possibly in the E hallway instead.

### Science Olympiad
State science olympiad is May 4 (after end of the semester)

## CClub Info

### DefCon
We have funding for 4 people to go to DefCon. If you're interested in going, talk to crosstangent. If you're accepted, you'll have to provide actual personal information in order to get reimbursed from the university. 

### Cybersecurity volunteers
Cybersecurity is hosting a hackathon for high school students. We should send volunteers to it. You will have to complete a 1 hour training session and a background check. More info to come. 

### New leadership
crosstangent is not running again, all positions are open for reelection. 

### Hackathon!
4pm to 4pm Saturday to Sunday this weekend. 

Midnight trivia, mystery prize for the winner. 

Will be in Kohrman, 3rd floor. crosstangent is putting up signs so you don't get lost. 

### Go to see the eclipse with girrockss in Ohio.
Complete eclipse (totality). He's booking hotel tonight so if you're interested you should contact him ASAP. 

### Dinner
Dinner is at Wings
