---
title: "Meeting Minutes - April 17, 2025"
date: 2025-04-17T12:00:00-05:00
draft: false
type: "minutes"
---

# CCLUB Meeting April 17, 2025

minutes taken by alu in VSCode

## Attendance
13 people in attendance, including alu, tosh, thrawn, jc, airbreak, girrockss, hammer, typo

# Club Stuff

## General
CLEAN UP AFTER YOURSELVES tosh and thrawn just mopped the floor. no more leaving half drank sodas. 

## Voting for Costs
Stickers - Fall Vote
Banner - Fall Vote
Tablecloth - Fall Vote
Speakers for Computers - Voted Yes
Filters - Voted Yes 

## Permissions
Mods and bots can no longer @ room in chat!

## High School Visit
Event tomorrow from 9:30-11:30 in C-141

## PNC
Account transferred over. 
Deposit from register done. 

## Study-thon
Friday-Sunday studying! Pizza and snacks in the evenings (?)

## Magic Cards, Printers
Magic Cards - What do we want to do with them?
Cards need to be sorted!! Hammer and Gir can start sorting for summer, Thrawn can help in the fall.
Old 3d printers need to be picked up, Kahrl wants one of them back 

## PLAN & Hackathon Committees
Volunteer in Officers if you want to help and be on the team for PLAN or Hackathon

## Social Media/Outreach 
Who wants to be Social Media manager?

## 50th Anniversary 
AirZoo possibly being rented? Planning on October 26. 

## Fall State of the Union
State of the Union Address!! Around midterms. 

## Vice Treasurer
Airbreak maybe moving to all online. May need to elect a new vice treasurer. 

## Wiki
Wiki almost back online!! 

## BIG DOWNTIME AT PVIEW 
May 2nd from Midnight - 6am

## Dinner? 