---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 02/06/1997"
date: 1997-02-06
---
Computer Club meeting : February 6, 1997 </p><p>
1.  Members present:  steve, chris, jay, tim, darron, darron 	craig, chris </p><p>
2.  Linux commercial 	-We are not making any money for it...So let your mind 	 run free.  Only stipulation is that it has to be about 	 Linux.  Hopefully, we can get this on the air, on the net 	 on every pc across the world...whatever. 	-Scripts needed.  Write a script and bring it to the next 	 meeting.  Be creative!!!  </p><p>
3.  Chicago trip 	-Thinking about going on the Weekend of March 4th. Just 	 for the day.  Goin' to Visit Battletech Center. 	-Messages need to be displayed to determine number of 	 people going.  Money...still being worked out by the 	 the treasurer. 	-Money?  		for...meals, van,     </p><p>
4.  Yakko  	-Works perfectly, but...last years 1.6 gig drive is not  	 working well with others.  Yakko does run better but we 	 are down a drive.   	-Web server is back up, old CGI files are toasted though. 	-Someone is running a mud on yakko...what? He didn't get  	 authorization and yakko's cpu may be having trouble, so 	 it has been decided to ask this person politely renice his  	 processes. </p><p>
5.  Jay motioned that we get a brand new motherboard with a new cpu 	for the Club.  Thinking about a Pentium Pro 200...ooooh. 	We may need to start a fund raiser to pay for this mother. 	Ideas are welcome. </p><p>
6.  Jay also motioned that we get business cards for the Club, $9 for 	1000.   </p><p>
7.  "We have had a web page for '4 f%@king years'"-Jay 	This is in response to the Western Herald article published 	this past Monday about Western's student web page ability. </p><p>
8.  Fund raiser 	-Teach html. 	-Advertise our web site and publishing ability. 	 We don't censor our pages. 	-Posters, Herald Ad, radio ad, etc. promoting the club 	-Maybe raise C-club membership to $25 a year. </p><p>
9.  Once we get things a little more stable,  Wiley will be the new 	dedicated Mud server, Wakko will hold the new bbs. </p><p>
10. Chris is resigning????? 	-For the time being...Rationale: Ask him yourself. </p><p>
11. Office hours 	-Mail steve the times you are free and willing to hold 	 office hours. </p><p>
12. Web or web+mial only accounts 	-Still in the workings.  But it will happen.  	-Prices for each will be raised next meetings </p><p>
13. Price for membership up to $25 a year will be voted on next 	meeting.  Be here if you want to voice a concern. </p><p>
14. Meeting ended 7:14 pm.  Go ahead, make my day!  </p>
