---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/12/1998"
date: 1998-03-12
---
Computer Club Minutes of the meeting 3/12/1998 </p><p>
Persons present: Tim Miley, Steve Sedore, Darron Christian, Wesley Leonard, Karl Sebek, Dennis Huppertz, James Wang, Skeeter Hartwig. </p><p>
1) New officers:  Today is 12 March, so we need to have officer nominations and elections.  Next week is the last week for officer nominations.  Week after is voting.  After that, the poor suckers, err., officers will get the chance to work with current officers.   </p><p>
2) Nominations...Bill Gates soundly rejected.   </p><p>
3) Last week, we received large numbers of donations.  Also received one machine on loan (coredump) specifically for mud.  No cannbalizing!  Lenny and wakko and dot are now in the corner.  We have a switch to change monitors/keyboards.   </p><p>
4) Yakko upgraded to 5.0 now.  Some changes...new "features"...new bugs.  If you run into a problem, let us know (root@yakko).   </p><p>
5) Lots of donated motherboards....have fun.  Most are 486 boards.  New cases as well.  Thanks to jihad for the printers/motherboards, etc.  Really cool color printer!  May not work.  Also 6 disk CD changers.  New hologram hard drive for yakko backup.  New printer (bubble jet: byop)! </p><p>
6) Chicago trip: Good fun, but Battletech moved.  Any idea where?  The whole mall was being renovated and no one knew where it was.  We went to the Museum of Science and Industry for a few hours.  We barely got to see half of it! 2) Nominations...Bill Gates soundly rejected.   </p><p>
3) Last week, we received large numbers of donations.  Also received one machine on loan (coredump) specifically for mud.  No cannbalizing!  Lenny and wakko and dot are now in the corner.  We have a switch to change monitors/keyboards.   </p><p>
4) Yakko upgraded to 5.0 now.  Some changes...new "features"...new bugs.  If you run into a problem, let us know (root@yakko).   </p><p>
5) Lots of donated motherboards....have fun.  Most are 486 boards.  New cases as well.  Thanks to jihad for the printers/motherboards, etc.  Really cool color printer!  May not work.  Also 6 disk CD changers.  New hologram hard drive for yakko backup.  New printer (bubble jet: byop)! </p><p>
6) Chicago trip: Good fun, but Battletech moved.  Any idea where?  The whole mall was being renovated and no one knew where it was.  We went to the Museum of Science and Industry for a few hours.  We barely got to see half of it! Went to Geno's East and blew major bucks on pizza ($15 each!!!)  Ask waiter about cost of refills on pop or you'll get nailed!  Then we went to Borders and blew even more money on books!   </p><p>
7) Coursepacks: He's still interested in doing them and has two coursepacks this time.  No spr/sum coursepacks.  Fall/winter is next opportunity.  We need an officer that will be available during summer to handle copying.  Try Kinko's this time instead of that other place (Copy Max in Office Max).   </p><p>
8) Web development team: Need to get more together, since CS web site is now our responsibility.  Kerstetter had discussions about improvements on site. Basically, the site still needs lots of work to develop and fix as a long term part time project.  Good resume builder!  Need help before the end of semester. </p><p>
Karl: What did Kerstetter like/not like? </p><p>
Front image took too long to download.  Try including a 'word of the day' or something interesting.   </p><p>
9) Let's get a key count.  Where is the key that Slocum had?  We must know who has keys.  Everyone who has a key report to steve.  Current key count: Steve, Tim, Ken, Dr. Trenary, Darron, Dennis, Ian.  Ozz may have key.  Paul?  </p><p>
10) Need food & Pop.  Pop especially.  Meijer has a sale.  $2.49 for 12 packs. Pepsi, Diet Pepsi (not too much).  Snag some more pop. </p><p>
11) Still in need of monitors.  The place in Wixom has a web site.  Also, acquisitions: mouse, cdr, etc. </p><p>
12) To Do list...please help. </p><p>
13) Power:  we may have a problem with electricity.  Blowing electrical circuits or losing hard drive is not cool.  Tim wants to have physical plant look at electrical condition.   </p><p>
14) Meeting adjourned at 6:55 PM. </p>
