---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 10/05/2000"
date: 2000-10-05
---
Start Time: 6:12pm End Time: 6:57pm Members Present: Cheddar, Zaphod, Rattles, Pacd, mike, ZRodger, Camber, Homer </p><p>
</p><p>
1. 3:00pm at the Birdcage, we will meet at 2:00pm in the office.  The meeting is in regards to the GSAC funding request.  Rodger has a document describing most of the funding request. </p><p>
2. Computer Club field trip to the server room!  Yay!!! </p><p>
3. If we get funding, Yakko will go to QuantumCast.net to host our webpages. </p><p>
4. We have a better network than the CS lab.  We're 100Mb and they're only 10. </p><p>
5. We can start putting the WIDR stream on a new computer: P75-100, 2GB hard drive, between 16 and 32MB RAM.  This computer can go directly in WIDR's office and they can most definitely reimburse us the $50 it cost. </p><p>
6. Phorce phed will stop by at around 8:30 tonight to show us some new stuff with our web page. </p><p>
7. Getting the cluster started: <ul> <li>Book: <I>Building Linux Clusters</I> by O'Reilly</li> <li>Maybe make it a giant RAID array as well?</li> <li>We've got someone who has volunteered to install Linux on the clusters if we teach them about installing.</li> </ul> </p><p>
8. What books does the club need right now?  Firewalling, and System Administration to start... </p><p>
9. When the networking is complete and "fully" functional, we will get a diagram of our network. </p><p>
10. October 12: PHP presentation!  We think this will have a big turn out.  4202 Dunbar, next to the Club's Office.  At 6:00pm. </p><p>
11. Can we get funding to get Linus to present at Western? </p><p>
12. Mike recommended an automated Wakeup system that students could pay for on a per-semester basis where they receive a wakeup call at times they specify. </p><p>
13. Treasurer's Report: <ul> <li>880.95 in checking</li> <li>331.70 petty cash</li> </ul> </p>
