---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 08/24/2000"
date: 2000-08-24
---
Start: 6:30pm </p><p>
End: 7:50pm </p><p>
Members Present: Phorce Phed, Ed, Mr. Rattles, Pac Demon, Izak, Keith (not member yet), Zaphod </p><p>
1. Here is the schedule for Bronco Bash so far: <ul> <li> 1:00 - Matt, Wes</li> <li> 2:00 - Roger, Matt, Wes</li> <li> 3:00 - Matt, Wes</li> <li> 4:00 - Matt</li> <li> 5:00 - Wes</li> <li> 6:00 - Wes, Erik</li> <li> 7:00 - Erik</li> <li> 8:00 - Erik</li> <li> 9:00 - Erik</li> <li> 10:00 - (tear down/clean up) Wes</li> </ul> </p><p>
2. Phorce Phed got a sweet Discman that plays CDs with MP3s on them </p><p>
3. The Club ordered Chinese instead of pizza.  Hunan Garden's website is www.campusfoods.com </p><p>
4. Phorce Phed brought in the new Computer Club logo: Mischief. Mayhem. Linux. </p><p>
5. Some stuff we did over the summer: <ul> <li>Got new carpet, cleaned up, got a microwave.</li> <li>Got more comptuers (in excess of 8). Did some nice configurations, Matt can explain. Got majordomo going. New hard drive for Yakko (10 Gig)</li> <li>New logo for Computer Club.  Minutes were all converted to HTML.</li> <li>Got a lazy printer.  We can burn CDs too</li> <li>Got a Matrix movie poster.</li> </ul> </p><p>
6. First meeting for next semester: September 7. </p><p>
7. Linux Install Party: September 21, gives us a couple of weeks. </p><p>
8. Pricing change for CDs, charge $5 for non-members, and for members, 1st CD is free with membership, and following CDs are $2. </p><p>
9. MySQL project for Wes: User database with tables Members, Projects, Inventory </p><p>
10. <b>Moneymaker</b> - Could members buy hardware through us and possibly get discounts, and we make money also? </p><p>
11. First point of business of the first meeting is a domain name for the Computer Club </p><p>
</p>
