---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 04/13/2000"
date: 2000-04-13
---
Minutes -- April 13, 2000 </p><p>
Started:  6:15 PM Finished: 6:55 PM </p><p>
Members Present: 	Pacd, Zaphod, ZRoger, Cabe34, Magoo, OVandenb, Phorceph, Rattles </p><p>
</p><p>
1.	Skull -- See Dr. Trenary about what needs to be done.  We don't believe it's serious enough to involve the authorities. 	If anyone has free days during finals week, contact Dr. Trenary then. </p><p>
2.	Is something wrong with one of the fans in the switch or hub?/ </p><p>
3.	Theory:  After last kernel recompile, Yakko may be able to handle 100 M/bit data transfer </p><p>
4.	Scheduling for CClub office hours will need to be done. </p><p>
5.	Piatkowski is not teaching CS 224, so we do not need to sell course packs or find different ones to sell. </p><p>
6.	Move party, next Friday... looks like we will be watching Alien/Aliens on DVD.  We need to know how many people are expected to arrive, 	please give information, will you attend?  what will you eat (pizza-wise), and so on. </p><p>
7.	This is the last meeting of the semester, we will meet again in September.  We can have fake meetings during the summer.  The aliases 	need to be revised to reflect new officers. </p><p>
8.	Ask Chris Oliver about Lawrence Lessig, other suggestions for speakers?  Remember, it's easy to get money for speakers.  Commander Taco 	could speak... </p><p>
9.	Suggestions for activities in the fall, BSD install parties, other OS install parties. </p><p>
10.	Will Erik be allowed to do the Minutes in HTML?  What about PERL scipts to look up Minutes via the Web?  This could be a project </p><p>
11.	"Naturally language parsers are far from useful at this point." -- Matt, Vice President of the Computer Club </p><p>
12.	If sudents are leaving, could we charge $3-5 to put their account/CS Dept. files onto a CD for them to take along with them? 	This is another good project for us, and we can use a program called EXPECT to transfer files from ftp to CD-ROM.  Set up a script 	where the user is asked for username and password, and other information.. the whole process will be automated.  Neat. </p><p>
13.	Majordomo is working!  Send a message to majordomo@dot, has to be done within the office, just put "subscribe cclub" somewhere in the body. </p><p>
14.	Moneymaker:	Make our own Computer Club Linux Suite with Linux applications that are useful, and sell. </p><p>
15.	We'll be getting several PCs from Zanny, no problems so far, and the best part of all, they're free </p><p>
16.	Get a webcam for the Computer Club office? </p>
