---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 09/07/2000"
date: 2000-09-07
---
<b>Members Present:</b> Ed, Wes, Scott, Mike, John, Ashwad, Matt, Isaac, Erik, Rodger, Damon, Tim </p><p>
<b>Start:</b> 6:12pm </p><p>
<b>End:</b> 6:49pm </p><p>
<b>Stuff to do:</b> <ul> <li>Get WIDR to give us money for something</li> <li>Keep working on webpage (all in PHP?)</li> <li>Prepare for Linux install party (advertising, etc.)</li> <li>Get guest speakers?</li> </ul> </p><p>
1. Room got cleaned up, network got upgraded, and will be again after meeting.  New 30 Gig hard drive for Yakko. </p><p>
2. Get grant to turn Yakko into a super computer.  Vote will be carried out tomorrow.  If all goes well, we'll consider what we want to get. </p><p>
3. We want to put a computer into WIDR, that they pay for, and they could stream directly, with a better stream and people could send email to the disc jockeys. </p><p>
4. Mailing list.  May or may not be working at the moment. </p><p>
5. Matt found a way to use SSH to forward microphone input to speakers on another computer on the network! </p><p>
6. We have a real firewall now, and a microwave. </p><p>
7. The guys downstairs are afraid to get rid of our VAX monitor. </p><p>
8. Wes is working on an interface for the MySQL to keep track of all of our users in a database. </p><p>
9. The web form works... it could've always been working... who knows. </p><p>
10. We're going to have a whole bunch of computer in a cluster.  POS -> is that a good name? </p><p>
11. Are we going to get the free barcode scanners?  People could have candy tabs or submit $10 and the scanning will keep track of their spending. </p><p>
12. Treasurer's Report: <ul> <li>$146.19 spent on snacks</li> <li>$20.02 (up from $16.31 from last week)</li> <li>In the bank: $795.95</li> </ul> </p><p>
13. Linux install party two weeks from today.  We will get a new shipment of CDs from KLUG in a week (from Tuesday?) </p><p>
14. Dr. Trenary is getting wireless network hardware that we could hook up. </p>
