---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 04/06/2000"
date: 2000-04-06
---
April 6, 2000 18:10 </p><p>
Present:  ozz, zaphod, tmiley, rattles, sumrndm, zrodger, i-zak </p><p>
1.  Movie part at pacd's.         This will happen at a time determined in last weeks minutes.     I looked it up.  It is April 21 at 7:00 p.m.     Directions are as follows: </p><p>
    Location: 626 Summer Street     Time: Approx 7:00 pm     Date: Friday, April 21st     Considerations:     - Pleaes park in the street (not the driveway)     - bring your own beverages (alcohol, pop, tea, whatever)--we may pick up some 2 liters but I can't gurantee it     -pizza will be provided     - the movies selection is up in the air (look for something sci-fi)                           Directions:                            From downtown: Take Kalamazoo avenue West (away from BL-94 towards US-131), keep in the right lane.  The road forks, take it right (you're now on Douglas), hang a left at the stop light (you are now on North), take a left on the first street, which is Summer St.  The house is 3rd on the left, grey, kind of big and crappy looking.                             From Campus: Take Stadium towards downtown, keep left.  Get in the lane that goes to Elm Crossover and take that over to Elm.  Take elm north and then hang a left on Kalamzoo ave (see above for the rest of the story).                                                        Sorry I couldn't get a real map drawn... there was just no time (you can probably pull one up on mapquest if you need it).                                                                                 2.  One strand of Christmas lights work. </p><p>
3.  Do we buy a print cartridge....yes!     Will we buy it from a spammer???  No!!!     We have resolved to buy a print cartridge for our Epson Stylus      Color Printer at a slightly more expensive price than that of      the spammer.   4.  Reminder:  SETI at Home is not allowed on Yakko. Action will     be taken if it is found running. </p><p>
5.  We are attempting to get some 486 DX 33.  We can take some off     of his hand.  Some of them need to go to good homes.  We are to     refurbish a system and give it away to someone who can't afford     a computer.  Talk to zrodger for more info.     6.  Magoo has been talking to the founders of the computer club and Yakko.     They are interested in putting together a presentation.  More info     to come.  If anyone is interested in contributing some of their      experiences e-mail magoo@yakko.cs.wmich.edu. </p><p>
7.  Major Domo?  It is starting to come together. </p><p>
8.  Elections:          President:  Wes     Vice      President:  Matt     Treasurer:  Ed       Secretary:  Erik         Finance:    Rodger      Sysadmin:   Ed is temporary acting sysadmin until someone else is                  found.     Web Master: Izak     Publicity:  Cabe34 </p><p>
9.  Major Domo works now!!  Subscribe to majordomo@dot.cs.wmich.edu.     type "subscribe cclub" in the body of the message.  We are going     to try and limit subscription to yakko addresses only.    10. Buying a Matrix Poster?     Approved.  zrodger will order one soon. </p><p>
11. Suggestion:  Publicity officer should send a monthly announcement     regarding club activities to the CS department and the cclub      mailing list. </p><p>
12.  7:15 Meeting Adjourned.     </p>
