---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 07/26/2001"
date: 2001-07-26
---
Start Time: 8:00pm </p><p>
End Time: </p><p>
Members Present: Zaphod, Soloa, Ajax, Cheddar, Rattles, ZRodger </p><p>
1. Status of new webpage design: Isaac was working on stuff but he's not here.  He was working on the graphics and when that's done Wes will work on the PHP part. </p><p>
2. We have a Usenet server that is supplementing our cclub-gen and  cclub-announce mailing lists. </p><p>
3. Bronco Bash is on Monday, August 27.  Just so everyone knows. </p><p>
4. Presentation Schedule: </p><p>
<ol> <li>September 6, 7:00 Unix Introduction</li> <li>September 13, 7:00 Linux Install Party</li> </ol> </p><p>
5. Why is John living in the office, etc.?  John says: "Why not?"  He says we need bigger animal crackers. </p><p>
6. WHO ARE YOU?!!  Who is your daddy and what does he do? </p><p>
7. Rodger is working on some fliers.  People at Wes' party got a sneak peak last week.  Isaac is working on business cards too. </p><p>
8. T-shirts.   Anne-marie needs to know shirt col, logo (and how many colors), and we need to make sure Western's logo appears correctly on the shirt.   Everyone should recommend their T-shirt designs so we can get estimates and decide which design we'll go with.  We only have a month to do this. </p><p>
9. We're having another meeting next week. </p><p>
10. $10 for the account and web page and an additional $10 for us to administer. Anyone (even non-university organizations) can be a part of this.  Additional $10 for Mailing lists and usenet accounts. $5 more for each additional mailing list. </p><p>
11. In the future we should consider getting some additional IDE hard drives for archiving all of the mailing lists, etc. </p><p>
12. 8:50pm: Matt started holding the baby: "I don't want to be pooped on." </p><p>
13. Apparently we have a machine for the WIDR stream but Wes isn't here to tell us about it. </p><p>
14. Matt will create a new alias for getting information about our services: services@yakko.cs.wmich.edu </p><p>
15. When we start thinking about the new Constitution we'll need to decide on new officer positions (such as for administrator of mailing lists) </p><p>
16. Treasurer's Report: Check next week's Minutes when they arrive. </p>
