---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/21/2002"
date: 2002-03-21
---
Start: 6:00pm </p><p>
End:  </p><p>
Members Present: Jester, moxjake, soloa, myke, zaphod, zrodger, rattles, serenity, ajax, lazarus, d3jik0, Ashish, tmiley, Sung Tang, oh and Dean Latinsky!  </p><p>
1. Doesn't look like we're going to have a speaker this semester, we'll have to let GSAC know... we can still check out the EFF. </p><p>
2. The status of Yakko: it's on Matt's floor waiting to be healed.  We may have to buy spare parts for Yakko :( </p><p>
3. Ordering books:  Our $300 is waiting to be spent.  Sounds like some of the books we're going for are O'Reilly's Make and Perl books as well as some references on other languages. Some sysadmin and linux usage books will also be considered. </p><p>
4. Coffee was made at tonight's meeting, when was the last time that happened? </p><p>
5. Upcoming presentations: Customizing your CS account, Make, RPM building, debugging techniques. </p><p>
6. Todo: Inventory, power requirements, lines, networking, usage requirements, space needed, we should be as flexible as possible.  For power requirements an accumulated Amperage, etc. </p><p>
7. The Dean will talk with Dr. Atkins about any unallocated space in the new building that may be available for us.  Dr. Atkins, Chair of Industrial Manufacturing, should be our point of contact if we have any questions. </p><p>
8. Treasurer's Report: </p><p>
<ul> <li>Credit Union Opening balance: $1066.51</li> <li>Minus reimbursement check for fundraiser snacks: (252.17)</li> <li>Plus deposit from this week's snacks: $80.00</li> <li>New balance for credit union account: $894.34</li> <li>Our GLOW (WMU) account: $1528.84</li> <li>Grand Total: $2423.28</li> </ul> </p>
