---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/20/2005"
date: 2005-01-20
---
Computer Club Minutes for 01/20/2005<br>
Members present: Ed, Tim, Joe, Eric, Chris, Joe W, Adam<p>

1) The new yakko server<br>
The server is serving.  Joe commends us for a fantastic job.  We migrated in 3 
days and we're back to 90%.  We still need to fix mail.  It was working, but 
now it's stopped.  We can send mail and transmit/receive within the Univ.  
Joe suggests that we have POed the OIT department and must talk to them.<p>

Joe will talk to OIT tomorrow, if it is not found to be a configuration
problem.

Thanks to Tim, Chris, Joe, Isaac, Matt and Chad for their help with the 
changeover.<p>

2) Microwave<br>
Some suggested throwing it away, but others want to put things in it that
should not be put into a microwave and fire it up to see what happens.<p>

3) Presentations<br>
Ideas are a basic unix presentation, Mono, Beagle, Linux maintenance.  Eric
will do the Linux Maintenance with Package Manager presentation next week.<p>

Various ideas for more presentations are discussed.  Joe offered to do a
presentation on Mono.  Penguicon was discussed.  Joe agreed to create a flyer 
tomorrow.<p>

ASP.NET was also a suggested presentation.<p>

4) New firewall<br>
Brain is dying slowly.  We need to get that poor thing upgraded.  We have a box
that we can use.<p>

5) New machine<br>
We could use the old one as a backup yakko or offload the mail and web services
onto it.<p>

6) Treasurer's report<br>
Ed was scolded for not going to the bank.  Ed says we have $1300 in the bank
and $300 to go to deposit.  We still need to pay off our telephone bill from
when we had a telephone.<p>

Tim and Chris suggested that we get a VOIP phone.  Joe agrees.  <p>

7) WIDR was discussed<br>
The WIDR changeover went very well, thanks to Isaac.<p>

8) Adjourned at 6:58 PM.  Off to the Roadhouse...<p>


