---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 02/24/2005"
date: 2005-02-24
---
Computer Club meeting minutes for 2005/02/24<br>
Members present: Joe G., Joe W., Ed, Matt R., Isaac, Nik, Tim, Adam, Chris,
Eric, Miles<p>

1) Firewall report<br>
It has a prompt, so it's good.  We need a 16 bit networking card.  We can
continue to look for PCI cards or put in a different machine.  Nik offers a
Celeron 300.  Tim suggests we check Marvin for a 16 bit NIC. <p> 

2) Flyer for lan party<br>
It was denied.  It did not say that it was sponsored by the Computer Club.
Oops.  We had a whole bunch of flyers last time.  Joe G. asks for other
designs.  Please remember to include date, price, organization, location.<p>

3) Key to the display case<br>
Joe would like to put something into the case, but we need something to put in
the flyer.  We need to have have our presentations scheduled.<p>

Chris offered to present on security on the web.  It's to be a two part
presentation.  <p>

Tim will present on workplace privacy with ssh and squid.  <p>

Adam and Joe W. are also going to do a presentation.<p>

The schedule was discussed among the members on which should be presented
first.  March 10th will be the Basic TCP/IP networking by Joe Wall.  March 17th
will be Advance Networking Linux/Windows Integration by Adam.  March 24th will
be Protecting your Privacy on the internet by Tim.  March 31th will be a 
presentation called Cracking the Web (part 1) by Chris.  April 7th will be 
Cracking the Web (part 2) by Chris.<p>

4) Begin work session on display case<p>

5) Adjourned unofficially at 7:30<p>
