---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 04/06/2006"
date: 2006-04-06
---
Computer Club Minutes<br>
March 30th, started at 6:15p<br>
10 members attended: brian, Velex, Joe G., Miles, Tim, Chris, Jason, Joe W., Derek, and Greg.<br>
Miles checks and uses the phones.<br>
Joe G. Let's get our vote on.<br>
Now doing speeches for voting.<br>
presidential votes:<br>
Tim: 4<br>
Miles: 4<br>
The tie breaker will shall be whoever is voted for another position shall be the loser of this 
race.<br>
<br>
Vice President:<br>
Craig: 1<br>
Dan: 6<br>
<br>
Secretary:<br>
Mark: 5<br>
Tim: 3<br>
<br>
Treasurer:<br>
Miles: 4<br>
Craig: 4<br>
<br>
Chris arrives<br>
<br>
VP of Advertisement:<br>
Dan:0<br>
Greg:8<br>
<br>
Jason Arrives<br>
<br>
System Administrator<br>
Velex: 3<br>
Tim: 0<br>
Chris H:5<br>
<br>
Web Developer<br>
Joe W.: 6<br>
Craig: 4<br>
<br>
Revotes for president:<br>
Tim: 7<br>
Miles: 3<br>
<br>
Revotes for Treasurer:<br>
Craig:1<br>
Miles:8<br>
<br>
<b>Final Answers:</b><br>
President: Tim<br>
VP: Dan<br>
Secretary: Mark<br>
Treasurer:Miles<br>
VP of advertisement: Greg<br>
System Administration: Chris<br>
Web Developer: Joe W.<br>
<br>
<br>
Home directories were getting really large. We need to have people use du more often.<br>
We are thankfully from 3GB left to 12GB left<br>
<br>
If Tim is here next week, he will be running the minutes, as Joe G. Will be out of town.<br>
<br>
This week's presentation will be canceled, Brian will do a presentation of how to make anything.<br>
Next week is undetermined, and the last week will be how make beer.<br>
<br>
We were suggesting to have a vote to allow discussion of positions after speeches.<br>
However Joe G. Got side tracked by Ralph whatsits face poster.<br>
Miles: Why don't we have a clock yet?<br>
Joe G.: Who has a clock they can give?<br>
Or knows where to by one.<br>
We should purchase one.<br>
Brian shows off the thinkgeek clock that displays with dots in binary.<br>
<br>
Miles has donated a network card with a 12' dongle.<br>
Meeting ajourned at 6:53p<br>
<br>

