---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 01/19/2006"
date: 2006-01-19
---
Computer Club Meeting Minutes for 1/12/06<br>
12 Members present: Joe G.,  Miles, Joe W, Velex, Eric, Melissa, Chad, Nik, Brian, Craig, Greg and Isaac<br>
<br>
<b> meeting started 6:34</b><br>
<br>
<b>Official voting for new constitution:</b><br>
6 paid student members voting:<br>
Everyone has read and agreed to understanding the new constitution.<br>
6/6 members voted officially for the new constitution.<br>
<br>
Everyone is esstatic on the new office. Everyone was happy to have the new larger office. The office is room 2244.<br>
We are trying to figure out what we shall do with the room. The move went well, and we have now an open LAN and student lounge.<br>
Next week is the Linux Install party.<br>
2/2 Ajax, Velex.<br>
2/9 Ajax, Velex.<br>
2/16 What language do you use? Eric<br>
2/23 Wireless security, Chris<br>
3/9 Ruby on Rails<br>
<br>
WIDR is up and happy, No one is allowed to touch it.<br>
<br>
<b>LAN Party info:</b><br>
We still haven't heard from the dean for the next LAN, that will hopefully be March 11th.<br>
We need to get ahold of maintenance to move the screen.  This will be adquete for presentations.<br>
'so... we need more posters'~Joe G.<br>
Everyone is being pessimistic about the room, however we need to not be.  We have been informed the room is actually ours in entirity.<br>
PhorceP has stated we should vote for ordering a new fridge.<br>
I have stated that we should vote for ordering a new projector.<br>
<BR>
<b>Adjourned at 6:59.</b><br>
The Roadhouse awaits us, with beer and wings.<br>

