---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 06/21/2007"
date: 2007-06-21
---
Meeting Started: 18:25<br />
Members Attending: Tim, Ed, Matt, Sean, Dan, Cameron<br />
<br />
<strong>Office</strong><br />
The office needs cleaned!<br />
The A/C needs to be fixed!<br />
Thanks for the brownies Rancor's mom!<br />
Get some of the chairs out.  Make room for more members.  Fix hardware, throw it away.  Rancor moved stuff.  rancor--<br />
DAN is submitting a request for service to broncofixit.pp.wmich.edu!  FINALLY!<br />
<br />
<strong>Officers Meeting</strong><br />
June 30th at 15:00 @ Cameron's<br />
"Tim is a girl/vegan" - c4<br />
<br />
<strong>Black Box - VPN</strong> <br />
Awaiting Dr. Claw's mysterious skillz.  <br />
Check VPN over UDP53 (DNS - ;) ;<br />
<br />
<strong>PLANB</strong><br />
http://www.whatistheplan.com needs updated! It still says "PLAN8"  Need some graphics.  Go for it C4. <br />
DEADLINE: July27th<br />
<br />
Still need official permission.  Greg is handling something for gaming as is rancor.  CounterStrike? Free for all.  Remove the connections limit! Find the GigE cards!  <br />
<br />
<strong>Bronco Bash</strong><br />
September 7th - After classes stareted.  Need to fill out paperwork, want to be near honors college - want to plug in a Jack - Wired LAN and AC!  tmiley used his laptop last time as a wireless bridge.  It was FANtastic!<br />
<br />
We have a tent in the office to use.  <br />
<br />
What to do for new members.  Security presentations? PLAN pictures.  HALO3 pre release would own.  VOIP phone.  <br />
<br />
Geek clothing - for girls.  <br />
<br />
Linux demo.  UBUNTU stickers - see mstaff.  <br />
<br />
Q: What can we offer incoming freshmen?  <br />
A: [...]<br />
<br />
Can we sell services to students? OIT? <br />
<br />
<strong>DEFCON!</strong> <br />
If you are interested in going, contact C4!  If you don't know what DEFCON is, contact C4 or use Google.  <br />
<br />
Meeting Adjourned: 19:11<br />
Continuim to Ghallaghers.  <br />
