---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 07/26/2007"
date: 2007-07-26
---
Members Attending: Cameron, Girl Cameron, Greggggg, Dannnnn, Eddddd, Matt, Rashad<br />
Meeting Started: 6:35PM<br />
<br />
PLANB is this weekend.  Meeting 5:30 Friday at the club office.  <br />
<br />
Cameron has firewall box set up.<br />
<br />
Legal discussion of file sharing at GigE speeds.  <br />
<br />
Pizza and snakes.  Portal is on homer ALP - thanks Greg.  <br />
<br />
Need GigE CARDS. Someone lost them.  Using FastE instead.  <br />
<br />
dan--<br />
<br />
Bronco Bash form is due tomorrow... dan--<br />
dan--<br />
dan--<br />
dan--<br />
<br />
Dan is filling out the form as we speak... <br />
<br />
Cameron is convinced that .tv domains propagate faster because they are updated via coax.  <br />
<br />
We have domain (DNS) discussions.  <br />
<br />
Did we ever get VoIP set up?  Who had the 800 number provider...<br />
<br />
Mrs. Cameron just totally PWNT Cameron in an evil battle over dominance and IQ.  pshhhh tension is over.  cameron is crying.  <br />
<br />
DNS name.  <br />
<br />
Need brochures... presentations... demos... naked chicks... for Bronco Bash.  <br />
<br />
Oberon mini keg cantenna.  <br />
<br />
<strong>DRC IS ON THE WAY!!! omg.</strong><br />
<br />
<br />
VoIP<br />
800 is nufone.  <br />
<br />
SunSeeker brochures and stuff for the Bronco Bash.<br />
<br />
Anyone should join SunSeeker. ANYONE.  <br />
Meetings: Wed Night G113 @ 18:00<br />
<br />
Dan is wondering what is going into the minutes, but the minutes are being typed by a robot. Dan stares into the black void in the ceiling... now he's picking his nose.  <br />
<br />
tim + vacuum cleaner... <br />
<br />
tmiley: "I told you not to disturb me..."<br />
<br />
"Teraflops" of data. <br />
<br />
Dan has an iPhone... wtf.  <br />
<br />
Food: Somewhere<br />
Meeting: Over<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
