---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 10/09/2008"
date: 2008-10-09
---
Minutes for October 9, 2012<br />
<br />
Faculty Advisor and all around cool dude, Robert Trenary is in attendance<br />
drc shows up at 6.05pm<br />
Whitehat calls meeting to order at 6.06pm<br />
rashad told us to use besttees, out of muskeegon or something - http://basicts.com/<br />
lazer said he'll have a final t-shirt version by next week.<br />
<br />
Next week we'll decide final numbers for t-shirts<br />
<br />
MAME Cabinent - kyle wants to use an xbox so that we can mac on some xbox games too.<br />
<br />
kyle would like to run linux on it - more on the next meeting on what linux is<br />
<br />
tim swapped out the 120gig for a 200gig. the 200gig is missing, an investigation is to follow. Now that he has split town, we suspect moving to new hampshire was a ruse to run off with a 200gig harddrive.<br />
<br />
Friendship Village:<br />
Three hour block - once a week.<br />
Being in a general area - possibility of going into residences<br />
Looks like a good possibility, only snag is a businessman who comes in once a month for a fee.<br />
Find where it would fit into the schedule at Friendship Village<br />
People:<br />
9 people signed up to help!<br />
Possible Times:<br />
Saturday:<br />
**9-12**<br />
1-4<br />
5-8<br />
Friday:<br />
1-4<br />
5-8<br />
Tuesday:<br />
1-4<br />
Monday:<br />
5-8<br />
Sunday:<br />
1-4<br />
<br />
Fundraiser:<br />
Mongolian BBQ: Possible fundraising event?<br />
Krispy Kreme<br />
<br />
if you're not on the list to help with the plan, and would like to be, speak up!<br />
<br />
Setup is on the 21st of november!<br />
<br />
Facebook event for plan needs to be created<br />
<br />
table tents in the cafeteria need to be setup<br />
<br />
western herald needs to be informed about the cclub meetings on thursday<br />
<br />
meeting ajourned, bar time!