---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 10/30/2014"
date: 2014-10-30
---
##October 30th, 2014 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:03pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 27

###T-Shirts:
* Should all be completed by next week
* Estimated pick up date next friday?
* Date delayed because one of their machines wasn't working for a while

###RPI Update:
* Cost is 38 dollars for the RPI B+
* Paypal the club money if you would like one
* Order is being placed next friday, money must be in by then
* Do not include SD cards, must buy one on your own, or club might sell a few
* Put a comment with your money transfer saying that you would like an RPI B+

###Officer Switch Up:
* New treasurer and VP of Ops
* Votes are next week
* If you are interested or think someone would be good for a posistion, nominations are accepted
* Grizzly has been nominated for treasurer 
* Pluggles nominated for VP of fianance 
* cpsquared nominated for treasurer
* Demorest Nominated for VP of ops

###Possible Purchases:
* Projector Screen -Everyone at meeting in favor
* November 5th from 12-3pm, if anyone can go for the club please let flay know. Brandon said he most likely can
* Maybe a laser printer, if you have one to donate or sell, let the club know. We do have money set aside if we cannot get one donated.
* Bench top power supply. Once box to adjust voltage and amp at same time. About 90 on amazon. Everyone at meeting in favor

###Donations:
* Wall warts, routers, printers, newer computer equipment, any old fun junk, switches, hubs, ALL would be appreciated!
* Renix, Brandon and Zugs can donate routers

###Sign up for a talk!:
*If interested let flay know!

###Pico CTF:
* Going on right now!
* This is the ctf aimed towards highschool students and beginners 
* Pluggles has a team, also Segfault, feel free to join up with people!
*join team pluggles passphrase is we <3 pluggles

###Virtual Hackathon:
* Going on Dec 5-6th
* Koding.com
* Blind is going to participate, if you are interested let him know

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:24pm
