---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 02/13/2014"
date: 2014-02-13
---
#Thursday, 2-13-14 Minutes

- - -

##Meeting begins at 6:14pm

- - -

**Noise complaints!!  Carr said we could be barred from the room if we don't quiet down.  Complaint was issued between 6-8pm.  Quiet down at all times though.  Keeping this room is sort of a big deal!**

###Cleaning party:
* Cleaning party this sunday @1pm
* Misclik, Tmotom, Nobody, 5, DropShock, Plugges, Shpinx, Flay, Buttercup volunteer
 * Maybe JROB

###Votes:
* Upgrading a computer?  Put ~400 dollars into updating one of the computers for newer applications and games, video/photo editing.  MATLAB.  
 * Sphinx suggests donating his Radeon card
 * Vote passes to upgrade GodPidgeon

* Purchasing a multimeter
 * Hardison offers to bring in his old multimeter, JROB may donate his as well

* Possibly purchasing misc electronic parts and components,
 * Misclik offers to give a talk on electronics in the future.  
  * Talk about the IEEE Student union and services they offer, soldering lessons etc

* 2600 Magazine subscription
 * Thinking of subscribing to 2600 magazine ~$27 a year.  Or ~$270 for lifetime
  * Will probably do a 1-year subscription as a trial

* Onity Key Project
 * In all hotel rooms they use these locks, mag-stripe reading locks
  * An arduino hack to unlock all these locks
   * Vote passes to buy an Onity lock


###Movie Mondays:
* Talk of having Movie Monday at Cclub in addition to remotely
* Much interest in starting this back up
* /j #movies in irc
* Show up this monday @ 8pm for the first one

###CTF:
* Next weekend is the next CTF event
* Sphinx won the CTF Team built event!!
 * 2nd place - whiteout, 3rd place - steve
* Sphinx will be conceding his place to Whiteout, who wins the Raspberry Pi!

* **Huge thanks to CTF Team for putting on this event!**
* **You guys are awesome!**

Events will be up for a while longer.  See Rocco (or his github) for the challenges if you want them even after they go down

###PLAN:
People volunteering for PLAN: Nobody, Tmotom, Gigglesbw4, 5, Flay, Sphinx, Misclik, Dropshock, Typo, Zugzwang

* Need people to send sponsorship e-mails, 
* Will need people for postering soon!
* Please /j #PLAN

###Wi-fi cracking talk:
* Next thursday Mandatory will be giving a talk on wifi cracking after meeting
- - - 

##Meeting ends 6:36pm
