---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 09/10/2015"
date: 2015-09-10
---
# Weekly Meeting Minutes, September 10th, 2015

Head Count: 26
Minutes by cpg

# First Meeting of the 2015-2016 Academic Year!

- A welcome to our new members and a welcome back to our old ones!

# Door

- We do not currently have a door bot, so the most reliable way to tell whether the room is occupied is with the $office command. If your computer's MAC address is registered with fish (one of our bots) and you are in the room, members on IRC will see your nickname following the $office command.
- Type $office -r [Your MAC Address] into #geekboy and fish will register your computer.

# Office Hours

- Officers of Computer Club are required to hold office hours in order to keep the room open for members that need help, or just want a place to hang out.
- Office hours can be found on our [office hours calendar](https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=fsnsm3078irm2qh5u7js5rahg4%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/New_York) or our [events page](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/events/). Run $office in #geekboy if you would like to know what officers are in the room at any time.

# Communities and Schools

- Last year, we sent some volunteers to the Main Street Magnet School for a robotics workshop for students.
- Contact sphinx, or send an email to emilydemorest@gmail.com if you are interested in volunteering this year.

# Fall 2015 Activities

## PLAN

- PLAN is our semiannual LAN party that takes place at the Parkview campus (College of Engineering and Applied Science).
- Fall PLAN 2015 will take place from November 7th through the 8th.
- Talk to Hardison, message him on IRC, or join the #plan channel for more information. If you would like to help out, we are always looking for volunteers.

## CTF

- Capture the Flag events are cyber-security competitions that colleges or even high schools can participate in. The challenges involved range from software reverse-engineering puzzles to general trivia questions. People of every experience level are encouraged to join in, since there is always knowledge to absorb.
- The first CTF we will be participating in is the [CSAW CTF](https://ctf.isis.poly.edu/). Join us between September 18th and 20th in the Computer Club room.

## Bronco Bash

- If you would like to help us with Bronco Bash, meet us in the Computer Club office at 1 PM on Friday, September 11th. We will have table 216.
