---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 09/22/2016"
date: 2016-09-22
---
# September 22nd, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 27 people in attendance, including: pasportit, nospace, strongth, buttercup, cpg, sphinx, mobyte, mind

> 6:01 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Java Programming Workshop
- Our mini-programming Java weekend event will be moved to another date.
- In replacement for now, Dr. Kaminski will be holding a pizza and programming help hour for CS1 students.
  - This event will likely be on Saturday, October 15th at 2 PM.
  - strongth, twitch, stringy, nospace, kami, and chibi have offered to help.

### CTF
- DefCamp CTF will start on September 24th 3 PM and will end on September 25th at 3 PM.
  - See more information here: http://dctf.def.camp/.
- H4ckIT CTF will be on September 23rd at 2 PM and will end on September 30th at 2 PM.
  - kessler has suggested getting some pizza around 6 PM.
  - See more information here: https://ctf.com.ua/.
- Last week we participated in the CSAW CTF.
  - We came in 221st place out of around 1300 teams.
  - Thanks to everyone that came by to help out!

### Job Opportunity
- kyledad's full-time position is opening up.
- The job would consist of creating data scripts for the Geoscience Department at Western Michigan University.
- Contact kyledad7 on IRC if you are interested or want more information.

### Talks
- nospace will have the first talk of the Fall 2016 semester next week after the meeting.
- His topic will be about reversing a binary file.
- If you would like to give a talk of your own, make sure to let nospace know.
  - He will have a sign up sheet soon.
