---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 11/03/2016"
date: 2016-11-03
---
# November 3rd, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 21 people in attendance, including: nospace, pasportit, stringy, mobyte, ohaimark, strongth, kami

> 6:02 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### IBM Workshop
- Next week there will be an IoT Workshop presented by IBM.
- It will be involve Bluemix, creating a sample IoT app, experimenting with IBM's services, and many other activities.
- The workshop will be from 3:30 PM to 6:30 PM, Wednesday, November 9th in the Chemistry Building 1220.

### PLAN
- PLAN is happening this semester on November 12th at the Parkview campus.
- Volunteers are needed to run tournaments. The following people have volunteered:
  - stringy, nospace, mobyte, tank, sans, strongth.
- If you would like to help or volunteer your time, tell us in the #plan channel on IRC.
  
### New Server
- Previously owned by Game Inventors Club, we now own the Jazz server.
- This is a powerful server that we can use for many projects.
- To see more information, go here: http://worf.co/QvQAA.

### Game Design
- strongth found a group of people with an interest in developing games.
- If you would like to see more information about their group, check here: https://www.meetup.com/Kalamazoo-Indie-Game-Development/.

### WordPress
- A person named Charles came to Computer Club today to ask for help.
- He works with the WMU Student Media Group (Western Harold, WIDR).
- They want to launch broncobroadcasting.net, a website using WordPress.
- He is looking for help on basic configuration or customization for his website.
- He is offering advertising space for Computer Club in exchange for help.
- If you think you can help, email charles.b51.clark@wmich.edu.

### Potential Events
- Introduction to Android Development.
- Python bot by stringy for new developers.
- If you have any ideas for events you want to see Computer Club do, let us know in the #officers channel.
