---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 05/12/2016"
date: 2016-05-12
---
# May 12th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 19 people in attendance, including: stringy, sphinx, cpg, mobyte, buttercup, Dropshock, nospace, hellbacon

> 6:34 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Oculus Rift
- We are now considering to get the Nvidia 1070 instead of the 970, so we will wait until that comes out.
- The price range should be somewhere between $800 and $1000.
- Ohaimark's offer still stands to sell us his computer.
- We should consider parts with good warranties, since our machines at Computer Club get a lot of usage.
- The machine will need at least 3 USB 3.0 ports and 1 USB 2.0 port.

### Projects
- Nospace has an idea to look at online courses of interest to club.
- Nospace would like to get a Computer Club Coursera or UDEMY account.
  - If you are interested in this, let nospace know.
  - We can pick out 2 or 3 courses, and then vote on which one to take for a week.
- Hellbacon is redesigning the POS to be web based. It is using jQuery and PHP for maintainability.
  - Some people have suggested using a framework instead of PHP.
  - LDAP support has also been suggested.
  - It will possibly also have Paypal support by using their API.
  - We should also look at AndroidPay support.
- We are going to try to do at least one or two hackathons this summer.
- Demorest wants to implement ranked voting to stringy's existing voting program.
- Ohaimark and tank are in progress of working on the MAME cabinet. They should start work next week. They may need many hardware parts to replace and they will likely make a list for us.
- Nospace has brought up his noise detector idea for putting a Raspberry Pi on the wall that can give alerts when the noise in the room is too loud. ADAFruit sells a sound level kit (https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruit-microphone-amplifier-breakout/measuring-sound-levels).
- Cpg is working on a Google Calendar bot in Go.
- We may be starting a new general bot with an emphasis on helping people learn how to create their own bots. Python is the main idea for what we want to use.
  - We will have a discussion about this in July.

### Angular
- Angular hackathon is starting tomorrow at 8PM.
