---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/02/2017"
date: 2017-03-02
---
# March 2nd, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 36 people in attendance, including: kami, stringy, strongth, mobyte, rush, zurek, dolphin, mind, ohaimark, leech

> 6:14 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Dynatrace Talk
- Thank you very much to Dynatrace for coming to Computer Club for giving us a talk about their job opportunities!
  - They also supplied us with pizza at the meeting.
- They are interesting in hiring graduating students in order to be consultants and explain their software. The people they are interested in hiring should be able to explain code.
- In order to learn more about Dynatrace and their job opportunities, go to their site here: https://www.dynatrace.com/.
- Thank you to strongth for helping to set this up!

### Arcade Cabinet
- Last weekend, strongth and stringy were working on the arcade cabinet and were able to make it work with a Raspberry Pi!
- Unfortunately, because of the performance of the Raspberry Pi 1, we are currently only able to play Genesis games on the arcade cabinet.
- To resolve this, we have voted on buying a Raspberry Pi 3 at the meeting.
  - Thanks to typo for buying Raspberry Pi 3s for us!

### Books
- The book list and the voting for which books for Computer Club to buy are now closed.
- We will be buying and putting around $200 towards these books:
  - Cracking the Coding Interview
  - Test Drive Development
  - Working with Legacy Code
- If you would like to have more books, keep an eye out for the next time we will buy books for the Computer Club office.

### PLAN
- There will be another PLAN meeting on Friday at 4 PM, during the Spring Break.
- Companies are still open to contact for sponsorship, so we will do anything we can to continue preparing for PLAN.
- Recently, after receiving a response, we have confirmed that PLAN will be sponsored by Geek Easy!
  - This means that we now have $550 in prizes for PLAN from all of our sponsors.
  - Thanks to kami, strongth, zurek, stringy, James, and mobyte for helping at the PLAN meetings!
- We still need more help, so we encourage everyone to please volunteer for PLAN!
  - At this time, we still need a volunteer for the Super Smash Bros. tournament on Sunday during PLAN.
  - We are also looking for people to be volunteers by helping at the concession stand.

### Parkview Volunteer Event
- Earlier today, Computer Club volunteers helped promote Computer Science to high school students by giving a demo for the Oculus Rift at Parkview.
  - Thank you to kessler, stringy, and strongth for volunteering to give this demo!
- There will also be another Oculus Rift demo event on April 18th from 9 AM to 10 AM.
  - Thank you to stringy, kami, strongth, and dolphin for volunteering.

### Science Olympiad
- We had great success at the Science Olympiad event last Saturday.
- We saw some great programs by some aspiring high school programmers and it was great to help them.
  - strongth, kami, hellbacon, stringy, and zurek volunteered for this event as judges. Thanks for your help!

### University of Michigan Hackathon
- kessler has been getting in contact with other Computer Science organizations and giggles has helped with contacting them on Facebook to learn more about events for Computer Club, such as Hackathons, organized by MSU and held in Ann Arbor at the University of Michigan.
- The next upcoming event is MHacks 9 and you can find out more information about this event here: https://mhacks.org/.

### Digital Ocean Talk
- Matt Layher is coming here from Digital Ocean wants to give a talk about Go on March 9th.
- Even though this date is during Spring Break, he will still be coming next week.
- Thanks to twitch for contacting him on reddit!

### Minutes Agenda
- The minutes agenda on the Computer Club website is now working again after fixing a database error.
- Thanks to stringy, hellbacon, demorest, and cokezero for dedicating their time to fixing this!
- If you have any topic that you want us to discuss during the meeting, please add it to our agenda by logging in with your Computer Club account.
  - You can see the current agenda here: https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/minutes/.

### Oculus Rift
- As a status update on the third Oculus Rift sensor, it is still currently shipping.

### Programming Challenges
- After meetings, chibiskuld will be doing programming challenges.
- This is a good opportunity to prepare for interviews, so feel free to let her know if you'd like to work on programming challenges together..

### Computer Club Office
- During this week, we have received some new Computer hardware for the Computer Club office.
- Thanks to frantic for buying new mouse pads and thanks to timmaha for buying new mice!

> Meeting ends at 6:37 PM
