---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/30/2017"
date: 2017-03-30
---
# March 30th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 42 people in attendance, including: dolphin, strongth, zurek, mobyte, stringy, rush, kami

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### MHacks
- Last weekend, dolphin, kessler, and chibiskuld went to the MHacks event in Ann Arbor. Today at the meeting, dolphin and kessler told us about their experience.
  - The event lasted 36 hours and they were provided with facilities and places to work. The event was free and is held every semester.
  - About 500 other people had attended the event.
  - There was free food and meals for everyone.
  - They told us it was a fun way to collaborate, take part in workshops (For more info about these, ask kessler, he went to many workshops), and work on other projects.
  - They advised that everyone should check it out and dolphin offered to drive again if anyone needed to carpool.
  - They said it was good opportunity to learn, too, as dolphin learned more python.
- chibiskuld and one of our new computer club members worked on an android application called MList that lists media. It aims to track shows and movies you watch, books you read, and games you play.
  - If you would like to help with its continuing development, they will be working on it after the meeting in the Computer Club office every week.

### PLAN
- PLAN has finally come and it will be starting this weekend.
- If you want to help setup tomorrow at 5 PM, meet at the Computer Club office.
  - People with cars are needed because we have to move many things over to the Parkview campus.
- Additionally, strongth, stringy, kami, and sgtsarcasm discussed the prizes to be given at each tournament at the last PLAN meeting.
  - If you were not there and you are running a tournament, please find out the needed details from kami.
- There is also going to be a raffle for people that preregister, so don't forget.
  - Don't forget to tell your friends, too!

### Events Channel
- Recently, the #outdoors channel was created on IRC to talk about some cool stuff we can do outside.
- They are currently waiting for weather to clear up and to get slightly warmer so they can have a good time outside.

### Apple Job Opportunity
- hush and ben have come to Computer Club to talk about a job opportunity at Apple.
  - Both of them graduated from Western Michigan University as Computer Science students and got their jobs through people in Computer Club.
  - They are focusing on improving automation for all of their services at Apple.
- The job title for new hires is 'Site Reliability Engineer'.
  - Being hired for this job means you could work with operating systems, data, system administration tools, and many other things.
- The location for the new hires is at Apple's campus in Sacramento, California.
- For more details about this position, contact hush or ben on IRC.
- Thank you to hush and ben for coming to Computer Club to tell us about this opportunity!

> Meeting ends at 6:27 PM
