---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 04/06/2017"
date: 2017-04-06
---
# April 6th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 30 people in attendance, including: kami, twitch, zurek, ohaimark, stringy, mobyte, sphinx, strongth

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN
- Everyone had a great time at PLAN last weekend. We cleaned up everything last Sunday and had many successful tournaments.
- We have noted that 70 people attended the event over the weekend.
- Additionally, after counting up all of the numbers, we have made $500 from this Spring's PLAN!
- Thank you to everyone in Computer Club that volunteered to make this event possible!

### Server
- kami has informed us that the server could possibly be back soon after an internal incident has happened.
- For the time that our server is down, anyone is welcome to join us on slack at: https://ccawmu.slack.com/join.
- The situation is currently being taken care of and more details will come soon.
- Until that happens, it has been requested that everyone stays calm and avoids overreacting to any rumors.
- It has been requested: 
  - Do not attempt to force any individuals to give you information.
  - Do not attempt to force any individuals to take action.
  - Do not assume any speculation as fact.
  - Do not take action into your own hands.
  - Do not be insulting to any other individuals.
  - Do not attribute speculation as fact to the names of any individuals, inside or outside of Computer Club.
  - To remember to respect all members within and outside of this club.
  - To remain calm and be patient.
- If any of these requests are not respected, action may be taken by the Computer Club executive board.
- While this situation is being resolved, we must trust kami, Dr. Trenary, and Dr. Carr as they handle the situation.
- Many people during the meeting shared their thoughts on this situation. Their thoughts, feelings, and support are greatly valued.

### Kalamazoo Makers
- ohaimark has told us about a new Kalamazoo Makerspace posted on the Kalamazoo Facebook page.
- They are currently looking to start a Python user group.
- If you are interested in checking this out, follow this link: https://www.facebook.com/KzooMakers/.

### Job Offer
- kessler has let us know about a Classroom Technician job offer at Western Michigan University where he works.
- Contact kessler on Slack for more information and details.

### Linux User Group
- fidget has suggested to create a Linux user group to help new Linux users.
- With this group, they could meet up every week for about an hour to learn more about Linux or to help others.
- To find out more information or to show your interest, contact fidget.

### Hackathon
- It was mentioned that for an upcoming hackathon, there will be a meeting at Kalamazoo College on Sunday at 3 PM.
- They will take a group to talk about strategy and what the event will be like.
- An email will be sent to everyone about this. They can reply if they would like to check it out.

### Officer Nominations
- There will be nominations at next week's meeting for the Computer Club officers for the next year.
  - It should be noted that kami will be not be running again for president. People should carefully consider who they want the next Computer Club president to be.
- The elections will be the week after the nominations.

> Meeting ends at 6:39 PM
