---
title: "Meeting Minutes â€“ 07/20/2017"
date: 2017-07-20
---
# July 20th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 9 people in attendance, including: zurek, hellbacon, sgtsarcasm, tank, cookie, dropshot

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Hellbacons words on server upgrades

- We should hold off on upgrading DOT's the RAM until after bench marking.
- After bench marking we can better see where the bottleneck is at.
- Redmine cclub.cs.wmich.edu/redmine Log in with your cclub credentials(http://www.redmine.org/)

### General

- Typo suggests we should make a Textbook library for the club whether it be web-hosted or on a USB
- Form of library will depend in the legality of an online form
- Strongth was wondering about a club software project let him know if you have any questions or ideas
- August 11th will be the date for switch completely to a Riot/Vector/Matrix chat service.
- We still need to set a meeting days for PLAN meetings.
