---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 02/23/2017"
date: 2017-02-23
---
# February 23rd, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 31 people in attendance, including: kami, zurek, kessler, ohaimark, strongth, stringy, dolphin, rush, kell, mobyte

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN
- PLAN has been moved to the weekend of April 1st and the setup will be on March 31st.
  - strongth, dolphin, leech, zurek, stringy, sgtsarcasm, and mobyte have volunteered to help set up PLAN and to help run tournaments.
- There will also be a PLAN meeting tomorrow (2/24) at 4 PM.
- Additionally, we have received an official sponsorship from Level Data and they want to give us computer mice to give away as prizes!
- Thanks to sgtsarcasm, stringy, strongth, zurek, kami, and mobyte for helping out at the PLAN meeting!

### Science Olympiad
- The event is set for February 25th (this Saturday).
- The plan is to meet at Bernhard Center at noon.
- Thank you to the following people for volunteering:
  - kami, stringy, Steve Johnson, hellbacon, pasportit, strongth, zurek, kell, and mobyte.

### CTF
- Recently a new CTF server was set up by stringy to offer some new challenges.
  - You can access the challenges by visiting the URL http://ctf.cclub/ at the Computer Club office.
  - Thanks to stringy for setting this up!
- This is a perfect opportunity for people new to CTFs that want to learn more about them.

### High School Outreach
- Volunteers will be needed on March 2nd and April 18th at Parkview to set up the Oculus Rift as a demo from 9:30 AM to 10:00 AM.
  - Thanks to kessler, stringy, and strongth for volunteering to help set this up!
  
### ICPC
- Dr. Trenary is looking for ICPC programmers to represent Western Michigan University in the Fall 2017 semester.
- The old members of the ICPC team are graduating, so people interested should join.
- There is a recommendation to have taken at least CS1120.
- The objective is to use python to solve algorithm problems.
- You can contact sgtsarcasm on IRC or join the #icpc channel to learn more.

### Office Cleaning
- zurek has proposed to have the Computer Club office floor deep cleaned.
- He will soon have a set date during the weekend and he will need volunteers to help move tables and furniture.
- When this date is found out, it will be noted in that week's minutes.

### Books
- We now have a directory on the server to share some digital books.
  - You can find these at /home/shared/Lit.
- Additionally, we will soon start voting on which physical books for Computer Club to buy.
  - If you would like to look at the current list of books that we are interested in or if you would like to suggest a book, go here: goo.gl/aT5CrR.

### Vice President Election
- The people nominated for the Vice President position today were:
  - dolphin
  - leech
  - mobyte
  - sgtsarcasm
  - zurek
- After voting, zurek has been elected Vice President after receiving a majority of the votes!
  - Congratulations to zurek!
- Additionally, the officers have decided to make dolphin the VP of PR as he will assist with Computer Club's social media presence.
  - Congratulations to dolphin!

> Meeting ends at 7:02 PM
