---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/15/2018"
date: 2018-03-15
---
# March 15th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: mind, kami, tank, taco, zurek, ohaimark, dolphin, cookie, sgt, kami, condor, spacedog, leech, sans

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN 28 (Spring 2018)

- PLAN 28 will take place on March 24th beginning @ 10AM

- We need volunteers for PLAN we need for set-up, concession, and judging. If you are available to help in any way for PLAN say something in the [#PLAN channel](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/vector/#/room/#plan:cclub.cs.wmich.edu) on riot.

- Monday 19th @ 3pm we are setting up a table in Bernhard to advertise for PLAN if anyone would like to come by and represent computer club

- Cookie will be there and Tank is getting Doughnuts for table.

- We also need to hang up fliers for PLAN if you would like to hang some up there is a PLAN fliers in the club on top of the microwave.

- Spring PLAN is usually a smaller PLAN so let just make it a good time to have fun.

- 2nd to last PLAN meeting will be tomorrow @ 3. We are going to need people to hang up fliers starting tomorrow.

### General

- Elections will be coming up in April so think about running for a position.

-  It is great opportunities for to get more involved in your club and also would look great on a resume.

- 3 RaspPi have been donating to club so that we can work on projects in club.

- If anybody has any use for them please mention it in [#officers channel](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/vector/#/room/#officers:cclub.cs.wmich.edu)

- Lets work on making CTF a larger part of club as the program throught the university will need some work.

- Lets make CTF a larger part of club it is fun and a great experience.

- Please join us @ 3pm on Friday if you would like to participate and get involved in the [#ctf channel](https://cclub.cs.wmich.edu/vector/#/room/#ctf:cclub.cs.wmich.edu).  
