---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 03/22/2018"
date: 2018-03-22
---
# March 22th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: dolphin, sphinx, ohaimark, kessler, sgt, spacedog, DrewR, sharanui, cookie, zurek, kahrl

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN 

- PLAN is this weekend and we need volunteers to for the events.

- We need help for admissions, concessions, and tournament judging. 

- You do not need any prior knowledge to run the games to judge them. We use challenge to orchestrate the brackets so it is automated for the judge

### Science Olympiad 

- This weekend is also the Science Olympiad. 

- The event will take place early on Saturday @ Parkview 

- The computer science competition will be @ 8:45 in the morning on Saturday

- Kahrl and spacedog have put together this years challenges

- If you are available to volunteer then talk to kahrl.


### Election

- Officer election will be held on April 12th

- If you think anybody in club would be a good fit for any of the e-board position then nominate them.

- We need to make sure that we can still use stringy's voting procedure from last Year,

### BonzAI Brawl

- Dr. Carr has reiterated that he would like to field as many  BonzAI brawl team as possible.

- This is an artificial intelligence programming competition in which you essentially create a function to operate through a game as an uncontrolled (AI) player 
- For more information on BonzAI Brawl [click here](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/)

### Game Inventors Club

- The Game inventors club is here at meeting. 

- Tomorrow @ 2pm they are going over to the VR lab @ Waldo library to try a secure a regular schedule for the VR lab.

- If you are interested email arron.martindale@wmich.edu

### The Esports Arena

- Micheal Sisk  is here to talk about Esports and the arena being built for the games.

- Our University president has allocated a $1,000,000 transformation fund to try and attract new students to the school.

- There is half a million dollar in funding for the ESports arena.

- The location will be on East Campus and what was know as the Little Theatre and the funds will go towards transforming that space.

- This will be attempted as a club sport that would be student run with adviser similar to club hockey or club football

- There is a very aggressive time line of Fall 2018 for the Arena.

- After the space is constructed input from students will be necessary for the direction of the program.

- This will be a very student oriented Arena and all possible events for the will be gauge towards students

- If this project excites you get involved Talk to Mike Sisk Project manager.
