---
title: "Meeting Minutes â€“ 02/07/2019"
date: 2019-02-07
---
February 02, 2019 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by backbutton in vim

> 21 people in attendance, including: cookie, spacedog, presto, alu, taylor, pumpkin, caligula, aerospice, sweeney, alex, drew, typo, sphinx, zurek





> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

* we had the week off

### Interview Practice

* we did not do ctf or the interview practice last week

* we are still doing interview practice at 330 on fridays

* we have definitely improved with this

* this is the application to 3310/4310

### Books

* we got the books in for the spring book buy

* we reorganized the book shelf

* we have a lot of books

* if interested in math they are on the other side of the locker

* the cs office was giving away books today

* we grabbed a couple, but most were outdated/we had

* they are there until monday

* sphinx donated as did hellbacon


### CTF

* we have the saudi and oman ctf is happening right now

* sphinx will go over return to libc exploit

### Switch Dock

* the switch dock is here in the office

* we have a few people with switches

### Fight Night

* skuld backbutton caligula and others go to fight night

### Office Hours

* we have an office hours calendar

* we have it on our website

* if you are normally here during a time, you can post it to the calendar/the website

### Soldering Workshop

* ieee is doing a soldering workshop

* they are very informative

* we can do more permanent work with microcontrollers

* there are flyers for this all over the engineering college

* you can sign up for it by scanning the qr code

* we can include a qr code on future fliers that link directly to the website related to our events, including fight night and just the club fliers in general

### Infrastructure

* alu has looked through our wiki and is trying to update it

* alu++

* there are pages such as user pages, and a few more

* they were extremeley outdated

* alu updated them

* we can message alu or put things on the wiki themselves

* please add to your wiki user page

* office hours are there as well, so if you are here regularly please update it to the minutes page

* if you see something outdated, ping hellbacon or alu

* you can also edit the pages

* it is very useful for trying to show people that our club is not dead as of 2017

* we need to work on the minutes mailer

* cookie changed it to use the club gmail account

* this program

* if interested please pm me your email

* i will gather all tonight/tomorrow and get the list to cookie/spacedog

* we may get a chat command to add the email to the list

* we are trying to see if people are in the room remotely

* in about three weeks we could go outside and take a new picture

* the one on our website is a few years old, and most of the current members are not on there

### Rocketry

* aerospice got more info for the rocketry info

* they need people who know microcontrollers, specifically arduino

* f209

* tuesday 6:30

* payload team is fridays 4 to 550

* have a flier for more info in img room

* or let aerospice know

### PNC Account

* we got all of our money in our pnc account

* 7488.09

* we have money to invest into things

* we could build a new computer

* rocktopus is having issues

### Room Downstairs

* if interested in designing a plan for a new computer around 1000, let us know in officers

* they were doing renovations here in kohrman

* it is downstairs

* the richmond institute for design

* they have an open classroom with a giant tv

* we could use it for after meeting talks yet

* lynn is the office person down there

* they do different projects, it is a workshop area for students

* product development

* we could get some project development collaboration with them

### Misc.

* i am doing a talk on an introduction to theoretical cs

* there is a room up for gamejam in riot

* it is called ccawmu jam

* we need chili

* skuld is doing a talk on game development with unity

* we may get some alumni for the site picture

* dinner is at hopcat
