---
title: "Meeting Minutes – 09/07/2023"
date: 2023-09-07
---
# Minutes for August 31, 2023

Minutes taken by rezenee and edited by crosstangent

Members in attendance: rezenee, crosstangent, sphinx, kahrl, rober, hoken, backbutton, bella, nabihah, raif rosman, teddyg, christopher pulka, lemonislost, ayobamiu, girrockss, johnlemon

## Meeting Start 6:05

## Important Dates
 
### Drop/Add deadline

Today (Sept 7) is the last day to add or drop classes.

## Western events

### Women in Engineering 6:06

On Sept 20, Wednesday in Floyd Hall Room D132.

### ABET Accredtion  6:07

People from the ABET board visiting to know if the CS program is up to scratch.
Interviewing current students

### Digital Technology Merit Badge 6:08

We have been asked to help out a local scouts team earn a merit badge.
Robert Tuttle is running the event; estlin will be helping so contact them for more information. 

## cclub Events 
 
### Board games 6:09

Every monday at 6pm in club room (2225 Kohrman Hall). Maybe Mille Fiori or Bohnanza, but we are open to other suggestions.

### Book Club 6:09

Every other week, with the next one being on Tuesday Sept 12th at 8pm, online. We are reading Classic Papers in Computer Science and The Last Question by Isaac Asimov.

### Game Jam 6:10 

On Sept 28th there will be talks from alumni about making a game, including discussions about game design and an overview of Unity. The Jam will then run until October 1st.

### Linux Talk 6:11

A talk by rezenee will be given next meeting (Sept 14th). It will let people unerstand linux as more than a black box in a VM.

### Free Stuff 6:11

Free textbooks are available through O'Reilly and the GitHub Student Pack is another source of free stuff for students

## Miscellaneous 

### Welcome! 6:12

welcome newbies!!! please join thx :)

## Fridge 6:12

Tomorrow, the old fridge will be taken away.

## Resin Printer Donation 6:13 

A small resin printer is available for donation. An interested party should contact any officer.

