<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 06/30/2005 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 06/30/2005</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2005-06-30>June 30, 2005</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><p>Computer Club meeting minutes for 6/16/05
7 attended: Eric, Chris, Joe W., Miles, Tim, Ed., and Isaac<br><br>Meeting started @ 7:07PM<br><b>1) Misc.</b><br>Melissa will be returning the bottles and it will be used to fund Joe G.&rsquo;s return party.<br>Joe W. still plans to have the new site completed by the end of summer.<br>The new font style for the new banner will be used as the new logo for T-shirts.<br>It has been suggested to get the old Minutes Archive in the new site.<br>A weekend in August is when we need to plan to clean and organize the office.<br>We need to do either before Aug. 6th without Eric, or after without Tim and aid of his father.<br>Eric still may be able to make it.<br>July 23 and 24th may be the weekend we clean the office.<br>Tim, Isaac, Miles, Joe W., Ed, and Eric shall be there specifically.<br>We will have a vote for Melissa as VP of catering. And we neet to ammend and modernize the constitution.<br>Ed will be browsing through the RSO rules and Constitution for revision.<br>none were opposed, and the vote was sustained.<br>Officers received an e-mail who wanted a project to be proposed to the CC. However noone is available at the moment for Volunteer functions and we&rsquo;ll will be forwarding him to the CS department for the 490 classes or offer contracting to the individual.<br><br><b>2) Plan A summary</b><br>Attendance was lower than desired.<br>However was a success due to breaking even in payments.<br>Sponship went well and made good relationships.<br>PLAN 4 needs to be researched for conflicts, proposed date is Nov. 5th and 6th.<br>PLAN 4 will be another 2 day event.<br>We do not appear to be competing with Psychorage or Boxheads.<br>Joe W. Suggests posting info about PLAN 4 now.<br>Parkview will be open til&rsquo; 12am during the fall, however may not have unlocked doors.<br>by next weeks meeting we should have rooms and events approved.<br><br><b>3) Bronco Bash</b><br>Melissa suggests making a collage of photos for display.<br>We need to get in touch with the office of student life.<br>We need someone to stop by to get information from Faunce.<br>Miles volunteered to go.<br>Need to ask about vendoring. specifically selling Unique products.<br>Bronco Bash will be mon. Aug 28th? Not certain.<br>We shall be advertising PLAN 4 and HAM classes. Hopefully Tech. and General classes.<br><br>Meeting Ajourned @ 7:39PM<br><br></p></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>