<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 03/01/2007 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 03/01/2007</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2007-03-01>March 1, 2007</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><p>Meeting Started: 6:19pm<br>Members Attended:Tim, Eric, Carl, Craig, Cameron, Adam, Mark, Adam, Joe, Velex, Susan, Dan, Chris<br><br>Craig:<br></p><ul><li>SCASTER&rsquo;S LAST MEETING!!!<br></li><li>We have a couch in the club now thanks to craig<br><br>PLAN 6:<br></li><li>PLAN advertisements stamped with approval<br></li><li>CS Source Community will match a $100 contribution made by the CC (currently $100, and if CC shells out an extra 100 raising the total to $200, they contribute $100 making it $300)<br></li><li>Club decided to accept this offer, and will increase the pot (advertisements will need to change to reflect the increased winnings)<br></li><li>Extensive throttling for individuals, and massive fire walling will probably be implemented<br></li><li>Finals match for counterstrike, with increased pot, physically monitoring players may be necessary. Blinds are a possibility<br><br>Organizational State of Club Room:<br></li><li>Horton commented that the office is messy<br></li><li>Cans should be taken care of<br></li><li>Looking for racks to organize computers(possibly audio shelving)<br><br>General Club Agenda:<br></li><li>Static IP STILL under discussion for Rita<br></li><li>MCSE Training now available via ChibiSkuld<br><br>Cluster Status:<br></li><li>Dan has three nodes working<br></li><li>RAM from KLUG still under question(Gizmo uncertain)<br><br>Meeting adjourned at 7:00pm</li></ul></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>