<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 01/06/2005 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 01/06/2005</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2005-01-06>January 6, 2005</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><p>Computer Club Meeting Minutes for 1/6/05<b>
Members present: Tim, Joe, Eric, Ed, Isaac, Chris<p></p><ol><li>Thanks to Tim and Joe for unteryakko.<b>
Joe and Tim installed a new machine under the Debian OS. It&rsquo;s accessible via gasiorek.homelinux.com. To gain access, contact Joe. Isaac and Joe purchased some material.<p></li></ol><p>Isaac and Joe were paid.<p></p><ol start=2><li><p>Renewal checks have been received from several members.<b>
Accounts have been updated for these members.<p></p></li><li><p>The individual running the PCI graduate profile project contacted Joe.<b>
This is regarding a new list that Joe has been setting up for their group. Issues were resolved regarding adding users to the list. Mailman&rsquo;s configuration options were causing problems, and Joe discovered that Mailman&rsquo;s configuration options don&rsquo;t make sense.<p></p></li></ol><p>What is the cost for this service? We need to look up the cost of this service that we charged last time. Isaac believes that it was $15. Joe thinks we should encourage list members to get yakko accounts for their email.<p></p><ol start=4><li>Another LAN party?<b>
Idea for May 5th, 2005 (05/05/05) for PLAN 3. What video games? Isaac suggests Unreal Tournament. Someone else has to talk to the Dean and Kapenga, since Eric is no longer a student. We might need an extra room.<p></li></ol><p>Maudlin suggestions were made which the secretary is not interested in transcribing. The date was shot down, since it&rsquo;s not in the winter semester. March 26th was suggested and agreed to. D204-206 is the recommended rooms. Ed agreed to contact Kapenga about reserving the room. Eric suggested another room which faces the Dean&rsquo;s office which is probably room D208.<p></p><p>We will need the port numbers for configuration of the VLAN.<p></p><ol start=5><li><p>Office things<b>
We&rsquo;re getting rid of the microwave. Tim talked to his father about help designing the shelves.<p></p></li><li><p>Adjourned at 6:49.<b>
The Roadhouse awaits us.</p></li></ol></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>