<!doctype html><html lang=en-us><head><meta charset=UTF-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Meeting Minutes - 07/27/2017 - CCaWMU Meeting Minutes</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/minutes/css/style.css></head><body><header class=site-header><div class=container><h1><a href=/minutes/>CCaWMU</a></h1><nav><a href=/minutes/>All Minutes</a>
<a href=https://ccawmu.org>Main Site</a></nav></div></header><main class=main-content><div class=container><article class=minute-article><header class=article-header><h1>Meeting Minutes - 07/27/2017</h1><div class=article-meta><time datetime=2017-07-27>July 27, 2017</time>
<a href=/minutes/ class=back-link>‚Üê Back to All Minutes</a></div></header><div class=article-content><h1 id=july-27th-2017-meeting-minutes>July 27th, 2017 Meeting Minutes</h1><blockquote><p>Notes taken by cookie in vim</p></blockquote><blockquote><p>10 people in attendance, including: zurek, kessler, Sgt, Dolfin, Hellbacon, cookie, mind</p></blockquote><blockquote><p>6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall</p></blockquote><h3 id=wsa>WSA</h3><ul><li>We need to do an orientation for WSA to secure funding for them</li><li>We could possibly use the funding to buy better software (ex. ida pro) or a better 3D Printer</li><li>If theres any software or something else that you think club should allocate the money for message someone on the Eboard</li></ul><h3 id=plan>PLAN</h3><ul><li>Friday(7/28) at 6 there will be a metting for planning a PLAN plan schedule.</li><li>We also need to talk to the past years sponsors and make sure that funding is secured and they they are taken care of.</li></ul><h3 id=mhacks>MHACKS</h3><ul><li>MHACkS is coming up in september 22-24</li><li>Free if you apply(<a href=https://mhacks.org/login>https://mhacks.org/login</a>)</li><li>Things attendies may need to think about is money for gas and possibly thinking about getting a near by hotel room as sleeping spots are not garuanteed</li><li>Kessler and dolfin went last year so if the website does not answer your questions they might be able to help.</li></ul><h3 id=dolfins-idea>Dolfin&rsquo;s idea</h3><ul><li>Dolfin would also like to start a project to build an IRC server with one of our boxes</li><li>Contact dolfin if you are interested in heloing eith this or have experince in in such projects.</li></ul><h3 id=general>General</h3><ul><li>Riot just got updated(Can now un-ban people)</li><li>A git library created by Mdlayher is going to be used for automatically backing up our servers (yakko, jazz, dot, etc&mldr;)</li><li>Zulip is a possible option for chat hosting(<a href=https://zulip.org/>https://zulip.org/</a> , <a href=https://zulip.org/features.html>https://zulip.org/features.html</a> , <a href=https://chat.zulip.org/accounts/login/>https://chat.zulip.org/accounts/login/</a>)</li></ul><h3 id=important-reminder>Important Reminder</h3><ul><li>August 11th will be the date for switch completely to a Riot/Vector/Matrix chat service.</li></ul></div></article></div></main><footer class=site-footer><div class=container><p>&copy; 2025 CCaWMU</p></div></footer></body></html>