---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/23/1997"
date: 1997-01-23T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting:  January 23, 1997  </p><p>
1.  Members present: steve, tim, darron, darron, jay, ian, kim </p><p>
2.  Constitution 	-It was tooooooooo old.  Times, they are a changin'. 	-We need an office manager. 	-We are going to modify the office positions... 		-VP of hardware and software...good bye!! 		-New position- Operations VP 			-overseeing operation of office pc's 		-VP of financing 			-assist the treasurer 			-money gathering for C-Club programs, 			  especially from the University and C-Club 			  members who are lax in their dues. 		-Web master 			-maintain C-Club web page and assist user in  			 questions involving their own pages. 	-Executive board to be formed consisting of all officers. 			-this is designed specifically for the spring and summer 	-Officer attendance rules 		-After 3 consecutive or 4 total meetings missed, lose of position 		 will result pending fellow officer approval. 	-Compensation for work done in name of C-Club 		-upper and lower bounds for consulting rates 		-legal issues for individual compensation arise 			-tax dilemma   </p><p>
3.  Let's all help clean the fridge before something starts going.... </p><p>
4.  Treasurer Position Nominations !!!!!! 	-Darron Slocum, come on down.  You are the next contestant on 	 "Suckered into the Treasurer position".   	-Someone anonymously nominated Donald... 	   Somewhere off in the distance, a pin fell. </p><p>
5.  Foooooood!!!!! 	-We need more snack stuff in the office.  Steve has volunteered to  	 make a trip to SAM's sometime provided he is joined by another with 	 a vehicle able to support the mass quantities transfer.  Kim has volunteered.   6.  Yakko as a dedicated Web server ? 	-Notion -> $5 a month for a non-C-club member home page (ie. no longer 	 mandatory for person to have a C-Club account to operate own web page) 	- Guide lines for home page only accounts 		-daily hit quotas 		-etc. specified by a Web master </p><p>
7.  Yakko is being upgraded tonight.  Everyone hold onto your Red Hat's... </p><p>
8.  We have a pencil sharpener !!!!!!  Thank you John. </p><p>
9.  Systems page from the main C-Club web page needs updating to include     all the services, station, etc we offer. </p><p>
10.  Need some ideas to put in our display case.  Nothing too illegal please.    11. Darron is the new Treasurer.  YEA!!!! </p><p>
12. The constitution will be ratified and published by next meeting.  If you have anything     else important to discuss, talk to Tim. </p><p>
13. Meeting ended 7:03 pm.   Thank you drive through. </p>
