---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 12/11/1997"
date: 1997-12-11T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club Meeting Dec 11, 1997  Last meeting of the year </p><p>
Present: Wesley Leonard, Tim Miley, Steve Sedore, Isaac Rzonca, Darron Christian, Randee Goodwin. </p><p>
1) Coursepacks are going well.  Emailed piat and told him we're ready to go. Talked to office max copy desk.  $.025 per image.  How much can we charge?  We desperately need office hours!  All officers will need to report. </p><p>
Email steve.  Other people needed for 9-5 coverage.  $500 for 40 coursepacks is cclub costs.  $12.50 per pack our costs.   </p><p>
Tim: let's undercut the Copy Desk. </p><p>
Steve: absolutely.  I was thinking around $40 or so.  No lower than $35.  We'll have to decide how much we're selling for.   </p><p>
Discussion brought us to $40.  Agreements all around. </p><p>
Good money with big plans for the club. </p><p>
2) Vaxstations are not here due to weather problems and prior committments. Postponed to next Friday.  We will get them and we still need a table set up. Table is down hall in the CS lab.  Please help. </p><p>
3) Ozz has a switch for us for dot/wakko so we can have one terminal for both. Cost $15 for the switch and a few dollars for cables. </p><p>
Discussion came up about the muds, but went nowhere. </p><p>
4) Quake is now running on Wiley.  It's been stable, running all week long. You need quakeworld software to run it.  This thing is a bandwidth hog, the more Ken is going to notice.  Ken already reported bandwidth problems for September.  Possible use of cron timer to control access.  Address: wiley.cs.wmich.edu.  Port 27500 is fortress game.  Fragfest game may appear later at port 27501, but not now. </p><p>
5) Email message from AOL person who is *snickers all around* trying to develop a web page for business.  Pay is involved.  No specs.  Telephone/email numbers. Must be done before Jan 1st.  If someone is interested in Christmas money, email steve.  Wesley expressed interest in the project. </p><p>
6) Last item: Speakers.  Last week, we wanted to think about this.  Vote: 4 yes, 0 no.  Money is authorized.  $400 for speakers.  Room for lectures needed. Steve suggested Knauss hall.  Another possibility is Fetzer Center.  Tim will try for something big. </p><p>
7) General announcements: </p><p>
Possible line on a new machine from Wesley.   </p><p>
8) Meeting ends: 7:01 PM. </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p>
