---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 03/13/1997"
date: 1997-03-13T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting :  March 13, 1997  </p><p>
1.  Members present : steve, tim, darron, darron, jay, kim,ian 	craig </p><p>
2.  Officers absent : Donald.   </p><p>
2.  Battletech 	-Those who went had great fun.  The scores will be posted 	 soon onto the home page. 	-Jay parallel parked in a 15 person van!!! yikes. 	 Everyone lived to tell about it. </p><p>
3.  Hardware 	-Steve has access to a bunch of 24 pin printers and 	 a laser printer!  He will get those in as soon as he  	 makes a trip up north.  	-Darron has several XT's he's bringing in. </p><p>
4.  We are short one officer, so Darron Christian will be our 	Vp of operations. </p><p>
5.  The constitution passed 27 to 2.  We needed 2/3 total vote, which 	we got by a margin of two.   </p><p>
</p><p>
        Voting results for constitutional amendment         Compiled by Tim Miley </p><p>
	Votes in favor of resolution:    	29 	Votes in opposition of resolution:	 2 	Votes of abstention:			12 	Votes disqualified due to non-student:   2 </p><p>
	Total votes of qualified members:	29 	Total number of qualified members:     108 	Total votes required:			27 </p><p>
	By a vote of 27 to 2, the constitutional amendment passes. 	So declares the President of the Computer Club of WMU, Tim Miley, 	on Thursday, March 6, 1997.   </p><p>
 	Secretary concurrence by Steve Sedore </p><p>
	Votes in favor of resolution:		29 	Votes in opposition of resolution:	 2 	Votes of abstention:		        12 	Votes disqualified due to non-student:   2 	 	Total votes of qualified members:	29 	Total number of qualified members:     108 	Total votes required:		        27 </p><p>
	I concur with the counts made by Tim Miley, President of  	the Computer Club, on Thursday, March 6.  The 	constitutional amendment passes by a vote of 27 to 2.	 </p><p>
6.  We need a campus activities board representative to go to  	cab meetings and give input into cab activities on behalf 	of the computer club.   	Craig was nominated and unanimously voted as the rep. </p><p>
7.  Linux commercial 	-need about everything...props, actors, script. 	 Ideas needed, people wanted. </p><p>
8.  Next Wednesday from 10 to 5, Micros and More will be having 	a stuff sale. </p><p>
9.  Thank you Kim for purchasing all the tableware we will ever need. </p><p>
10. Please pay for your food items taken in the Computer Club office. </p><p>
11. Quota increases : 	-For classwork 	-For special projects 	-1 meg more - $0.25 per month  		-users must email root if interested in a quota 		 increase. </p><p>
12.  In two meetings, officers will be nominated for next year. </p><p>
13.  Jay will be giving his thesis next Friday somewhere in  	Dunbar at some time.  Don't be late. </p><p>
14.  Meeting ended 6:35 pm.          Luke...use the forks.   </p>
