---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/15/1998"
date: 1998-10-15T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

6:05     October 15, 1998 </p><p>
1. Nike considers this minutes to be an act of spam.   She seems to want the    spam award.   Ozz proposes nike get the spam award.   Spam is reject, and    dejected. </p><p>
2. Attendance: Ozz, Nike, Fearless leader, poetic, Bob with the cool case,    ystel, jettero, maartin.   (Tim missed meeting), no, actully tim is late    with food. </p><p>
3. Tim -- Propses ordering pizza, nike seconds, pizza reject with spam. </p><p>
4. Office stuff --      	4.1     Organize all papers into the binder. 	4.1.1   Jettero offers to improve user database-thingy (accts.Yakko) 	4.2     Commend pacd on cleaning office 	4.2.1   Threating about getting rid of sgi  	4.2.2   Proposing of a x-mas decorating party  	4.2.3   Propse a montor smash at next b-bash.  "bash the monitor" 	4.2.4   Motion to kill cancer couch. 	4.2.4.1 Couch will find new home elsewhere, (dump, dumpser,                 dumserette) 	 5. Vax stations: 	5.0     Options:  	5.0.1   Find mystery student to fix vax station 	5.0.2   Get UCC friends to fix all legal issues with vax (Shubat,Grant) 	5.0.2.1 Get them to do a VMS talk while they are at it. 	5.1     REWARD!   MAKE THE VAX STATIONS WORK AND WIN A VAX STATION!   6. Treasurer 	Cashbox: $112.54 	Checks: ($112.96) pop/cheezits 	 	($530.00) ozz for hd/monitors	 	Going to bank tommrow to fix the account </p><p>
7. Events: 	Movie party: 5th element, starship troopers, Disneyfest, Last 	             Starfighter, Toystory, Nike and Tim want Titanic. 	 	Holloween Party at Wes's -- 626 Summer Street, wes will provide map. 	 	Linux Install Party -- Next term </p><p>
	Java talk soon from Jet. </p><p>
	Ozz will send .tgz scripts to webmaster </p><p>
8. General ban on Beavus and Butthead, -- BANNED BY VOTE      9. Issiac got a Key. </p><p>
</p><p>
meeting ajurned </p><p>
</p>
