---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/21/1999"
date: 1999-10-21T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Present: Ozz, Olorun, Jettero, Camber, tmiley, nike, {frogfarm}, zahphod, morgs, maile, gebedo sumrandm, Phorceph  </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
Time and space were temporarily warped to the benefit of club members. </p><p>
Note:  Ozz's  Building  Nov 5. will hold the Kalamazoo Arts Council Gallery Hop ie the Park Trade Center Open House an open house friday. Basically like 50 art openings all at once.  This can be alot of fun. Starts from about 5pm to 9pm.  More details next week. 326 West Kalamazoo Ave.  </p><p>
Printer works.   </p><p>
</p><p>
There is a digital media presentation in east Hall starting Monday and running through Friday.  The hours are 10 am to 5 pm and there is a reception from 5pm to 8 on friday.  The web site is http://cosmos.art.wmich.edu/`digital/ </p><p>
Also, there is a halloween party on October 30th at 129 west vine street (on the corner of Vine and Rose).  This is the townhouse building.  All four apartments are involved.  All computer club folks are invited. </p><p>
Roger Zaney will be giving an emacs talk next week after the meeting. </p><p>
Treasury Report: </p><p>
Cash $89.78 Cd $2 Course Packs $140 Memberships $60. </p><p>
Treasurers will play bank account sign over games. Nike is feeling much better today (applause). </p><p>
Wes was nominated by majority rule to be responsible for the much needed pop and candy run.   </p><p>
Ozz is terrible with names and describes his invlovment with robots.  </p><p>
Time and space were returned to standard alignment Meeting Adjourned 6:18 </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
  </p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p><p>
</p>
