---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/06/1999"
date: 1999-10-06T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

present:  olorun, pacd, camber, Orien, isaac, tmiley zrodger, zaphod zero_iq, morgs.  (Conspicuously ~Ozz)  </p><p>
Items of business: </p><p>
Streaming WIDR NETWORK TEST tonight. We need to fill out the form in order to get WSA funding. Then need a presentation either the 16th or 18th of Oct. </p><p>
Morgs is going to visit Trenary with the WIDR idea and approval of his wireless lan idea.  He volunteered to do  "paperwork." - does that suond like our Trenary? </p><p>
The goal will be to create a machine and set it up over in faunce etc. </p><p>
We got a black only printer to set up.   </p><p>
Sell a help document for unix stuff.  -We could even just FIND something appropriate and produce it at the appropriate time.  (hint beginning 111) </p><p>
Create more signs for our candied goods. </p><p>
CD-Burner. XCDroast Do we want to burn copies of BSWare?  Do we want to release our own copies of rpms kept on yakko? </p><p>
Set up USENET groups with full content for club members and restrict access. </p><p>
Eschelon day ?  Roger gives a small description of the alleged Eschelon. Supposed to be the 18th.  This is a program which is supposedly scanning for keywords. </p><p>
Voting: New Treasurer nominated previuosly Camber Speech: "My goal is to make sure checks don't bounce." </p><p>
Unanimous with all present... (refer to line 1) </p><p>
An orange wall is discussed. (Must attend to understand.) </p><p>
6:40 Meeting adjourned - time to actually do stuff! </p><p>
(No finance reports). </p><p>
  </p>
