---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 02/11/1999"
date: 1999-02-11T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

The minutes as of2/11/99 6:04 pm Not Present... the secretary Present: The web guy, the insult guy, the finance gal, the treasurer, the popus guy, the poetic gal, wes the pawn, and ozz the disgruntled transcript clerk. </p><p>
First topic: Print server has a network card, the club is talking about getting crappy macs... (don't you wish you were here?) --- egar and knowledgable people are saught to make it talk to the world.   The inslut guy is crazy. </p><p>
Exciting news: A guy from Toronto wants to buy one. (Dec Terminal that is...) </p><p>
Wes wants spock.  (sick B**stard)    </p><p>
Robot machine near appearing.   Jettero is volunteering to implement the imposssible.   It will talk. </p><p>
Finance officer wants to buy a programmer for the robotics project. </p><p>
Jettero fixed michnet.   Who saz we aren't slightly useful.   Your packets won't get dropped for a few minutes an hour anymore. </p><p>
Wes professes his secret verbage for jet.  (see last week and don't leave your terminal unattended.) </p><p>
Wes wants to buy books.   Long awkward sigh. </p><p>
Treasurer's report:   Cashbox $80 Check $30 to wes for netcards (2)   ATM card is lost.   Will get a new one from the credit union for 5 bucks, the paperwork will be processed by tommrow.  Nike profusely appoljizes for the loss, Jet forgives her.   Random giggles and comments.   Need one more coursepack printed. </p><p>
Linux install party:   Tim or wes will stick a copy of the flier in ozz's cs mailbox if they want it distributed to the dept. </p><p>
The slacker arrives.... </p><p>
The slacker continues... </p><p>
Game Server: Tribes, Hardware supplied by "Some Guys" (including but not limited to David Meads) Somehow bandwidth needs to be watched. Possibly limiting concurrent users... </p><p>
WIDR project may still be on, provided we can plug in over at OSL.  Tarkan continues the Quest. </p><p>
Feild Trip next meeting to the N-CUBE machine down the hall. (God Willing) </p><p>
Jettero volunteers to work on Pserve. Note so we know who to bug... </p><p>
Olorun volunteers to design a form for gathering Meeting Topics during the week. </p><p>
7:00 Meeting Adjourned. </p>
