---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 08/02/2001"
date: 2001-08-02T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Start Time: 7:18pm </p><p>
End Time: 7:58pm </p><p>
Members Present: Zaphod, Pacd, Rattles, Soloa, Camber, Cheddar </p><p>
1. Holland Public Schools is disbanding a department and are auctioning  off computer hardware that isn't much older than a year.  We're looking  for officers to go to the auction and try to get us good stuff. </p><p>
2. Web site status.  It looks pretty good but is still an ongoing process.   If you want to add content or help out contact Wes (<a  href="mailto:pacd@yakko.cs.wmich.edu">pacd@yakko.cs.wmich.edu</a>). </p><p>
3. If you have suggestions for the fliers, contact Rodger. </p><p>
4. What's up with WIDR?  Isaac put up some stats for them and Wes also  contacted them.  Apparently we have a Dell for us somewhere.  We just have  to toss Windows on it and we'll be set... right... <center><p><b>Wakko has been up for 25 whole days!!!</b></p></center> </p><p>
5. Anyone want to learn Python to change mailman so that it will send a  link to go to to get your password instead of having it mail you your  password in plain text once every month?  Wes said he'll take a look.   Erik (me) is thinking of looking at it too. </p><p>
6. T-shirt pricing: If we want more than twelve we can go to Spirit Shop  for $8.50 per T-shirt.  T-Shirt Printing Inc. can get them for ~$11.50 for  a couple of dozen.  Ten days after the art is approved for delivery so we  need to act before next Thursday. </p><p>
7. John suggested we get another DNS entry pointed at Yakko.  How about  it?  Every let us know what you think (<a  href="mailto:officers@yakko.cs.wmich.edu">officers@yakko.cs.wmich.edu</a>). </p><p>
8. Battle of the T-shirts.  There are two basic designs for the T-shirt  and we took a secret vote and decided the winning logo: Isaac's logo! </p><p>
9. We have a UPS for Yakko now! </p>
