---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 04/04/2002"
date: 2002-04-04T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Start: 6:41pm </p><p>
End: 7:06pm </p><p>
Members Present: Zaphod, Rattles, Cheddar, Jester, TMiley, others </p><p>
1. Do we have all of the books?  Anne Marie has all of them (some are in her car) but we'll have to reorder the Apache book.  Now we get to burn all of John's books! WOO HOO!! </p><p>
2. Presentations: RPM Creation tonight, Roder's Make next week, and finally we have a debugging presentation. </p><p>
Ideas for future presentations: How to bring down a CS machine. </p><p>
3. Movie party!  We wanna do DVDs, Matt's willing to volunteer his place for the party.  We'll hash out movies this week and as for time, let's plan on a week from this Saturday at 6:00pm. </p><p>
4. Status of Yakko:  Memory has been working great in Matt's computer and it's passed the memory tester.  Voltages in the power supply or okay. Matt ordered the new mobo but hasn't received an order confirmation but that's not necessarily a bad thing... So now it's just a matter of waiting.  Still have to test the processor though... </p><p>
5. GSAC Speaker Money, do we need to give it back or can we roll it over to next semester? </p><p>
6. Rodger's not using emacs for email anymore?  What's the world coming to?! </p><p>
7. Pigeon technology (C)Google rules! </p><p>
8. Officer Nominations: </p><p>
<ul> <li>President: Erik, Rodger <li>Vice President: Erik, Rodger, Mike, Darren <li>Treasurer: Anne Marie, Darren <li>Publicity: Darren, Mike <li>Finance: Rodger <li>Secretary: Erik, Darren, Mike <li>Sys Admin: Chad, Matt, Both, Cymbre <li>Webmaster: Ashish, Wes, Serenity, Brian </ul> </p><p>
9. Brian brought some Linux Inside stickers for us! </p>
