---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/10/2002"
date: 2002-01-10T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Start: 6:15pm </p><p>
End: 7:20pm </p><p>
Members Present: ajax, tmiley, rattles, zaphod, phorcephed, pacd, zrodger, soloa, cheddar,  and a new guy who wants to learn UNIX (Jeremy) </p><p>
1. Next week we want to have another basic UNIX presentation.  Dr. Trenary is sending people our way so we've got to do something. </p><p>
2. The following week we'll want to have a Linux install party (with new rules). </p><p>
3. Speaker: Wes heard from him in December and recommended a date but hasn't heard back from him yet. Tentatively it was February 12-14 that we're planning on his presentation.  We want to have at least two weeks to publicize so first we definitely need to tack down a date. </p><p>
4. Erik's doing a presentation on January 31st on autoconf and RPM creation.  After that week Matt is probably going to do a "Okay, I've installed Linux. Now what do I do?" </p><p>
5. Two weeks from now we'll be having a Linux install party and Wes is going to have a sign up form on our <a href="http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu">homepage</a>.  Here are some new rules: </p><p>
<ol> <li>We are merely a guide, you will do most of the keyboard input during your install</li> <li>If you don't bring a monitor we will setup X to be as generic as possible (640x480x256)</li> <li>We encourage you to bring your own keyboard and mouse</li> <li>You must buy a CD in order to have linux installed on your system</li> <li>You must be a member to have Linux installed on your system at an install party.  Membership is $10 and Linux CDs are $3.</li> <li>We probably will not have time to configure your modem</li> <li>Linux installs generally take 2 gigabytes of hard disk space</li> <li>Defrag your hard drive <b><u>before</u></b> you come to the party!!!</li> <li>You are not allowed to take any media that you did not pay for or bring yourself from the install party</li> <li>You must sign up for the by the RSVP date on the sign up form</li> </ol> </p><p>
<br>What we'll need: </p><p>
<ul> <li>BSWare CDs</li> <li>Fliers</li> <li>Partition Magic</li> </ul> </p><p>
6. The webcam has been focused. </p><p>
7. Projects: Job Board, Algorithm Database, Robot Heads, etc.  If you want to help on these send us  <a href="mailto:services@yakko.cs.wmich.edu">mail</a>! </p><p>
8. Wireless stuff is cool. </p>
