---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/09/2003"
date: 2003-10-09T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Members Present: gasiorek, camber, zaphod, fork, phorcep, jester, chedder <br> 6:13 Joe got the mail <ul><li>Went over new mail</ul> 6:15 RSO funding <ul> <li>Set up appointment and attend workshop to do RSO <li>calling cards - NO! <li>spamming students - YES! </ul> 6:17 Phone usage <ul> <li>Its costing a lot of money <li>Should we keep it </ul> 6:20 kapenga emails <ul> <li>Linux help desk <li>We'll work there in exchange for a desk at parkview <li>More updates on our Distro idea's and status report <li>We'll talk to the cs111/112 professors about what they want in a distro </ul> 6:23 dot is sending email to cclub.net (which we don't own).  and the real owner is getting pissed.<br> 6:29 can we upgrade WIDR stream. </p>
