---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/21/2004"
date: 2004-10-21T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting for 10/21/04<br>
Members present: Tim, Joe, Isaac, Ed, Eric, Chris, Miles<>p>

The Computer Club wishes to congratulate Club alumni Chad and Melissa Gross on 
the birth of Henry James Gross at 5:04 PM on 10/19/04.  <p>

1. Discussion of the WIDR stream<br>
It's still working, apparently.  Isaac explained how the stream works.<p>

2. Spread Firefox is taking out a full page ad in the NY Times to promote the
1.0 release. <br> 
They are taking donations and they put your name in readable font
on the ad.  They have 4,000 donors.  $10/name for student.  $30/regular.  The
cost of the organization name is more.<p>

There is a party in Kalamazoo on the 20th of November.  Joe recommended Bell's
for the Firefox rollout week.  Joe will keep us posted.<p>

3. Lan party is a go.  We need posters.  <br>
November 6th.  Administrative stuff is set.  Emailing reminder to Jim Cotton
and we want to arrange a VLAN test.  We need a flyer ASAP.  Tim offers to help.
We know the rules for posting. <p>

Inside residence halls is controlled by Res. Life.  Buildings are controlled by
OSL.  Buildings may also have their own policies.  We need to get them
approved.<p>

Advertising needs to be done on Psycho Rage, Bronco Web.  Tim suggests we
advertise on Educable office for the dorm advertisements and the Dean's office
for the big displays at Parkview.<p>

Official instructions will be to pull up to the front to unload equipment, then
go to the back to park.  <p>

We need to remind them to unlock the doors in November.  The computer only
keeps info for one month.  <p>

4. We found out that when you create a new account on yakko, you have to create
the home directory.<p>

5. Adjourned at 6:40 PM.<p>
