---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 06/23/2005"
date: 2005-06-23T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting minutes for 6/16/05
7 attended: Eric, Brian, Chris, Joe W., Miles, Tim, Ed., Matt<br>
<br>
meeting started 7:09PM<br>
<br>
<b>1) Ham radio class</b><br>
Books are in, Brian will be bringing the rest when he arrives.<br>
Attendies will need to read the first two chapters before tue. Day 1 of the class.<br>
<br>
<b>2) Bank account</b><br>
Eric is currently on the accounts, however everyone on the card, (Ed and Matt remain) need to fax their Licence to the Bank.<br>
<br>
<b>3) General</b><br>
Matt Scott has had another baby girl! Allegra Morgan! Congradulations from the CCoWMU<br>
We wish your family the best of luck.<br>
HCl..?<br>
Eric checked to see his car has been towed.<br>
<br>
<b>2) PLAN A</b>
will be this friday, everything is looking smooth.  The times for the event are solidified due to common interest among the staff.<br>
Tonight as this meeting is done, the fridge needs to be taken over to parkview.<br>
Tomorrow in the after noon Melissa will be grocery shopping and going straight to Parkview.<br>
Building will be open til' 6 however doors will be unlocked til' 10 for tomorrow.<br>
Joe W. will be setting up late for Sat.<br>
we should be ready to get in 9am Saturday.<br>
The firewall server is in melissa's car, and is ready to be set up.<br>
we still haven't had any word with Jim Cotton.<br>
Eric attempts to make contact with Jim.<br>
Eric left a message to contact him about the VLAN scripts.<br>
Eric pages Jim<br>
Brian has a list of ports needed in the other room.<br>
Jim calls.<br>
New VLAN scripts need to be made and Emailed to Jim.<br>jimcotton a wmich.edu<br>
Information of when they need to run/unrun in the e-mail.<br>
We got sponsorship material from Bawls.<br>
we will be heading over to Parkview.<br>
Meeting ajourned let's go get drunk @ 7:41PM<br>

