---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 06/16/2005"
date: 2005-06-16T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting minutes for 6/16/05
8 attended: Eric, Brian, Matt R., Melissa, Matt S., Chris, Joe W., Miles, Tim<br>
<br>
meeting started 7:05PM<br>
<b>1) General</b><br>
Getting account for the cooler. Need account Transfered over. Ed. also needs to be on the account. Joe W. needs to fill out the account card.<br>
Chris brough an extension cord for Melissa for LAN preperations.<br>
We have decided to alter the old Account card and have it prepared for Joe W. to turn it in for updating the account.<br>
We have realized the Constitution is very loosely followed and needs to be held to it's state, or to be updated.<br>
(Geekboy may be the VP of IRC.)<br>
Joe Demonstrated CCoWMU prospective new site for Yakko.<br>
<br>
<b>2) PLAN A</b><br>
No word on ports and doors.<br>
Bawls sponsorship may or maynot happen at this point, they are being very hesistant.<br>
Brian needs to speek to Capenga about the doors for the LAN party.<br>
Trinary may be an alternative to speak to about the doors for the LAN.<br>
Trinary was the originally leazon for the CC, however we had to switch, due to Trinaries poor relationship with the Dean.<br>
Ed will try to contact Jim Cotton for the LAN.<br>
Melissa wishes to be VP of Culinary.<br>
Best buy may set something up for us.<br>
Brian wishes to have multiple tournaments.<br>
Brian has a schedule for the tournament.<br>
One of which is a battle for dinner.<BR>
There will be a Halo tournament, Quake III and others.<br>
Eric exclaimed that there should be PLAN A details for the LAN on the website.<br>
Miles, Ed, Brian, Eric, and Melissa will be setting up FRI before the LAN.<br>
The Freezer will be left in C208 on THU. to have time to cool down.<br>
Map making contest for Perion? for the X-box.<br> The coolest map will be available for the tournament.<br>
<br>
<b>3) Ham Radio</b><br>
Books have just rescently come in.<br>
Tim will pick up the books tomorrow, and bring them to the office.<br>
Marmots. <br>
They will be brought in for next week for purchase.<br>
Chris types randomly at a vacant keyboard, annoying everyone in the room.<br>

