---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 03/31/2005"
date: 2005-03-31T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Computer Club meeting for 3/31/2005<br>
Members present: Tim, Eric, Adam, Joe, Joe W., Matt R., Jason<p>

1) Mailing list<br> 
We need another mailing list, but it doesn't work.  We need a wizard who
understands the mail software.<p>  

2) Presentations<br>
Full for rest of year.<p>  

3) Nominations for officers<br>
President - Joe G. <br>
Vice Pres - Matt R., Miles<br> 
Treasurer - Ed<br>
Secretary - Brian <br>
Webmaster - Joe W. <br>
Advertising - Brian <br>
Sysadmin - Joe G, Adam <p>

4) LAN party<br>
Note to future CCLUB officers: Do not schedule LAN parties on the Easter
weekend.  People seemed to have a good time.  26 people attended.  Previous was
40.  We should work closer to Boxheads.  The Boxheads website is blocked from
campus.  We don't know why.  <p>

In the future, we will need to write down port
numbers so that we can get the VLAN script updated, especially if we add more
rooms.<p>

Also important, we need to remember to write down the number of the telecom
closet it goes into.  <p>

Complaints registered were against the size of the desk.  People wanted it on
the first floor.  The gigabit hookups are in the classrooms.  88 seats, 44
places if a person uses the whole desk.<p>

Matt inquired about larger rooms.  Moving to rooms on main campus is unlikely.
Parkview is the largest room available.  Bernhard would cost money and we would
need to rent tables, bring network equipment and deal with electricity.<p>

It's cramped, but it works.  We don't have the funds to expand it.  Alliance
with Boxheads was discussed.  Also, the concessions would not work, since
Bernhard has exclusive rights.  <p>

We could expand to multiple rooms.  We should also let people know that they
can have the whole table to themselves.<p>

Summer would be better for a LAN party.  Money issues would also be an issue
with alliances.  We're also cheaper than most other LANs.<p>

We need dates for specific sponsorships.  June 18th or 25th is proposed.  25th
is after summer I session.  18th is before finals.  Advertising has to be very
different, since we will have even fewer students.  <p>

In summer, we will scale back food.  Summer will be more laid back.  No prize
tournaments without sponsorships.  We need to really professionalize the
site.<p>

We also have a list of places to get sponsorships.  Are we interested in
partnering with Boxheads?  We need to clarify that first in regards to blocking
the site first.  Maybe fall.<p>

4) Adjourned at 6:50 PM.
