---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 11/01/2007"
date: 2007-11-01T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

6:13 - Meeting begins<br />
<br />
PRESENTATIONS<br />
-Schedule made, flyers being put up<br />
-we fixed aliases for students and stuff!<br />
-SSH/RegEx tonight<br />
<br />
PLAN<br />
-need people to help setup/teardown<br />
-need 2 keys to rooms<br />
-need keys to teacher stations<br />
-call ahead bussing $2 round trip, lets email people about call ahead bussing<br />
-more sponsor stuff (BAWLS)<br />
<br />
PLAN SETUP<br />
-start setting up around 5 or 6 pm on Friday November 9th, need help!<br />
<br />
PLAN BUYING STUFFS<br />
-next friday<br />
<br />
gyroscopes...<br />
<br />
flyers update? get approved? flyer this weekend?<br />
<br />
Sean returns<br />
<br />
Tim installed a security camera in the office, no more stealing food or drinks.<br />
Cameron comments on the awesomeness of the camera<br />
Dan is surprised that tim bought the webcam<br />
<br />
Cookout/Bonfire? <br />
<br />
cameron asks if anyone is listening<br />
only the lonely drone taking minutes is.<br />
<br />
let's have a bonfire and stuff - how about the weekend before finals? december 1?<br />
<br />
cameron wants to know what we're doing next weekend<br />
there was a club interest in purchasing a dump truck, check craigs list<br />
<br />
We're testing out how our bandwidth is going to be at the plan, doing some stress testing in c-208 on saturday<br />
andy has to cheese off at 2 in the afternoon<br />
<br />
there is a lake michigan, apparently.<br />
pool party in miller fountain before they close it down for the winter.<br />
do we have boats?<br />
<br />
meeting ajourned.<br />
