---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 09/20/2007"
date: 2007-09-20T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Members: Lots like 20 - if you would like to be added:<br />
<br />
sudo vim /var/www/html/minutes/2007/minutes.20070920.html<br />
 <br />
Whitehat, c4, mstaff, dan, grg, tony, cameron, girl, three more doods, phorcep, windows/ben, tmiley, rancor, zach.  <br />
Meeting Started: 6:15<br />
Mr's CAMERON IS HERE LATE!<br />
<br />
Dan starts the meeting with a somber tone.  Whitehat questions mstaff if he is taking minutes.  Someone mounted a projector.  Props!  <br />
<br />
grg++<br />
<br />
Need some cables.  I have some cables.  <br />
<br />
Cameron talks about Coke and Pepsi.  Coke is better. Who is stealing pop? Excel, what is that?  Case deals.  Beer?<br />
<br />
Something about hookers and how they are bad.           <br />
<br />
Phorce is interested in installing SAP.<br />
<br />
Rancor is not here.  Hooray!  Whitehat stares dismally into abyss.  His hair straggly and matted like a dirty tired goat.    <br />
<br />
Tmiley is speaking Spanish.  "Ci Ci Ci!  Ci!! ... Ci!! ... Ci Ci Ci ... Ci" is coming from his laptop...<br />
<br />
<hr /><br />
Linux Install Party<br />
<br />
System Rescue CD<br />
Gnome = GA-NOME<br />
<br />
There are a lot of people here.  <br />
<br />
Anyone want to do the Democrats website?  <br />
<br />
(Central Michigan University)--<br />
<br />
Dell representative was here.  Sponsoring some of the PLAN.  Don't know what the heck the PLAN is?  Check out www.whatistheplan.com<br />
<br />
CS Source over VLAN to Chicago University.  <br />
<br />
iPhone hacking.  <br />
<br />
Windows: "We have to figure out how to hack Ted Turner..."<br />
CCLUB: ... silence ...<br />
<br />
Side Chatting<br />
<br />
We are a tame RSO. <br />
<br />
Locksport.  <br />
<br />
Kerberos, LDAP, something called UNIX.  <br />
<br />
Asian Cluster.  <br />
<br />
Meeting Adjourned: 6:50