---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 06/28/2007"
date: 2007-06-28T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Members: Ed, Mr. and Mrs. Cameron, Sean, Greg, Phorce, Matthew, <br />
<br />
It was a lonely summer afternoon as the Computer Cub of WMU began their meeting.  It was today, June 28th, at 6:32 PM that we began seemingly on time.  Albeit Dan, our president was late, extremely late and Tim was nowhere to be found.  Only a feat that drc usually tackles with the naked eye - aligning bits perpendicularly.  Dan enters the glory filled room with a smirk on his face.  The air conditioner is finally fixed and bellowing sweet cold air, finally our data center can resume at optimum conditions.  <br />
<br />
PLANB - Waiting on Dr. Greeeeen<br />
<br />
Need advertising for PLANB - RANCOR!<br />
Tournament?  What games? PC games.  Counter Strike.  Starcraft, warcraft... Quake3, just for fun.  Dan suggests that we should not do a serious competition until fall.  <br />
<br />
5$ - Free Parking<br />
<br />
Sign in and name tags - punch ticket.  Hole punch the name tag.  <br />
<br />
Where are the GigE cards?  <br />
<br />
OFFICERS MEETING: Saturday 3:00PM <br />
Need directions.  <br />
<br />
VoIP - Get 800 Number.  Asterisk... waiting on ports... voicemail - sent to email... drc should set up 800 number with his ping application.  One company for incoming, one company for outgoing.  <br />
  <br />
VPN is working. <br />
<br />
DRC SHOWS UP! OpenVPN - Tun/Tap interfaces.  <br />
<br />
ParkView<br />
Rita<br />
Yakko<br />
<br />
Wiki documentation! Hooray.  drc++ tmiley+-<br />
<br />
UDP53 ... nstx... hehe...<br />
<br />
yakko.cs.wmich.edu<br />
<br />
We need some IPs and our own DNS.  <br />
<br />
Backing up yakko... Probably should do something about it.  Once VPN is set up, use kerberos or LDAP to authenticate all computers... <br />
<br />
Personal backup space, mapped drives.  Storage space.  Hardware vs software RAID... <br />
<br />
The sysadmin lightens the party with mischief... <br />
Here's your ips.  cclub1 and cclub2.  <br />
.77<br />
.78<br />
.203<br />
.204<br />
  <br />
Humor<br />
"Hot Dogs"<br />
<br />
Treasurer will keep track of usage and bills.  Documentation should be well done.  <br />
<br />
LDAP vs pushing files... drc--<br />
<br />
Cameron is allocating funds to drc for VoIP and it is approved.  Looking for credit card or something.  <br />
<br />
Meeting Adjourned: 8:15PM<br />
<br />
  <br />
<br />
<br />
