---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 04/19/2007"
date: 2007-04-19T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Meeting Started: 6:13pm<br /><br />
Members Attended: Dan, mstaff, c4, rancor, nik, whitehat, rebel, ed, cameron, greg
<br />
Late: (tsk tsk)<br />
Gizmo<br />
Legistrate<br />
<br />
Special Appearances:<br />
DrC<br />
<br />
Nik demonstrates his RubiksCube<br />
<br />
Dan discusses the wiki on yakko<br />
http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/wiki<br />
Everyone should at least set up their user page<br />
Don't post anything private, etc...<br />
Google Crawler - robots.txt<br />
<br />
Cookout BBQ -	04/27/07<br /> 
16:00 or later-ish<br />
<br />
Portable cluster discussed<br />
<br />
Meetings over the summer?<br />							Every Thursday<br />
Check geekboy to see what's going on.<br />
<br />
Anyone want an officer position?<br />
C4 is now officer of 'something'<br />
<br />										The power of Google is discussed<br />
<br />
(IR Media Center Remote)--<br />
karma rancor?<br />
<strong>rancor has a karma of -&#8734;</strong><br />
<br />										Possibility of getting more supplies for CCLUB<br />
white-boards<br />
projector<br />	
Club Wii<br />
<br />
Geekout - cleanout, Fix the TV<br />
<br />
More presentations especially after Bronco Bash.<br />
More office hours <br />
Morning - Bawls and food<br />
Afternoon - Awake students<br />
<br />
Legistrate: Member check in/out board to display who is at the club, schedule, calendar, etc... <br />
<br />										"Story Time with DrC"<br />
Nominating DrC to present at meetings<br />
<br />										Field Trips and Pizza Parties<br />
<strong>Defcon</strong><br />
<br />										Student-Allocation at beginning of semester.<br />
<br />
Hamachi client confusion <br />
<br />
Next PLAN7<br />
Some people are interested<br />						Some people are not interested<br />
Dan would like to paint the room with more pastel colors.<br />
<br />										Clean the room and organize, garage sale at Bronco Bash - craigslist<br />
Expand the library of books<br />
-PHP<br />
-Windows Veeesta for Rancor<br />
-Magazine Subscriptions?<br />
MAKE, 2600, Hakin9, MacWorld, OSX Weekly<br />
<br />										Other ways to make money.<br />
-Sponsors<br />
-Nerd Squad<br />
-Etc...<br />
-Rent out the cluster<br />
<br />										VoIP minutes - logs not working<br />
Off campus VoIP to club members<br />
VM Boxes for each member<br />
800-number<br />
<br />										Dot is firewall/router machine and openvpn server<br />
<br />										Move Asterisk and IRC to the blackbox<br />
<br />										Meeting adjourned at 7:25pm<br />
