---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 04/15/2009"
date: 2009-04-15T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

Meeting on 4/15<br />
<br />
Meeting starts at 6:17PM.<br />
<br />
SENIOR DESIGN IDEA:<br />
Dr.Trenary has a plot to rule the world. Actual idea is for seniors with to integrate their projects with the computer club so that people can do things that they are interested in. Projects would turn in to large scale possibly and possibly long term. This could bring good "bang" for the computer club. Computer club would act as a client of the seniors who are doing the projects.<br />
<br />
We should come up with a really good project so that the CS project will allow it for a senior design project.<br />
<br />
Possible software project to interact with class schedules. Other idea is some sort of streaming application.<br />
<br />
Distribuated rendering idea for the project. It would be for rendering anything from home. Rendering idea could ideally lead to a tesula cluster.<br />
<br />
The new computer is in and it smells real nice.<br />
<br />
COMPUTER NAME BRAINSTORMING:<br />
Thunder Pussy<br />
Mavis Beacon<br />
Microsoft Clippy<br />
Olmac<br />
Box<br />
TrapBox<br />
Hal 9000<br />
PornServer<br />
GodPigeon<br />
OverMind<br />
BlackBox<br />
The Internet<br />
loldongs<br />
<br />
<br />
BUYING MICE:<br />
Vote passed to buy 5 mice from TigerDirect with $20 rebates. Mice cost $20 each. Alex Bell will reimburse the club if we get jipped out.<br />
<br />
Go visit Zergs gallery at Friday, 5-8pm reception in south Korham on the bottom floor.<br />
<br />
ELECTIONS:<br />
President: Greg<br />
Treasurer & VP: Travis Thompsom and Lyth Alobiedat<br />
Co-VP of OPs: 8 Votes for Jonathon Klobucar, 9 votes for Steffen Hunt<br />
VP of Fin: Alex Bell<br />
Secretary: Chris Phillips<br />
Office Manager: Alex Bell<br />
<br />
DRC arrived 7:25PM.<br />
<br />
Meeting ends 7:30PM