---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/16/2014"
date: 2014-10-16T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

## October 16th, 2014 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:09pm

 - - -

###Head Count: 27
* 

###Mandatory is in town!

###Plan meeting Sunday 2pm:
* Talk about everything done at plan
* What we did well on and what can be improved
* 1200 dollars from plan!

###3D printer:
* Monofuel Reccomended Prusa I3 - reliable and open source design
* Most parts of the 3D printer can be printed on other printers or bought at home depot, etc.
* Going to vote next week at meeting about buying one and if so what model
* Kits could be around 500 dollars 
* Some things we could use this for : Gearing system for door bot, Project boxes, little trophys, etc.

###New VP of finance:
* Karras has gotten busy and decided to step down
* Grizzly is the new VP of finance

###Defcamp and Pico CTF's:
* Defcamp October 18th at 11am - 20th
* Defcamp : giving away 3000 Euro in prizes and other gagets
* Pico October 27th - November 7th - aimed towards high schoolers so it is very beginner level for new CTF participants.
* October 26th Security build for CTF 

###Linux Workshop:
* We need to plan and advertise for another legit workshop at parkview

###Outgoing Mail Fixed!:
* Thank you DRC! We heart you!

###Open Badge:
* Badging system that fits into your resume
* Might implement that here?
* Platform being used by Microsoft and other big companys
* Bling cssquared sphinx segfault are interested in helping set this up
* openbadges.org

###Shirts Will Be in by Halloween:
* Stay tuned for specific times

###WSA Meetings:
* 4pm Wednesdays in the bernhard center
* Student run organization 
* Every semester they have tons of money to use and give away to groups like us
* Good to get involved with this organization
* They pay for different groups to go to conferences and other events
* If we prove we are of value, maybe they can pay for stuff like Hacking conventions!

###Maestro:
* Talking about job readiness
* Company whiteout works for, located in kalamazoo
* Android development 

###Resume workshop:
* October 22nd at schneider hall 3350

###Creating Websites for RSOs:
* Blind, and Andrew are interested
* We can get funding this way and get other organizations involved with what we do

###Stringy Begins Talk

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:34pm
