---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 05/08/2014"
date: 2014-05-08T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

#Thursday, 5-08-14 Minutes

- - -

##Meeting Begins 6:16pm

- - -

###Projects:
* Door bot almost done, all wired just waiting for completed code.
* Project Management software found. Look into for a possible      project.
* If anyone wants access to the github account, talk to majorstringy
* New smartboard! Plan to be hooked up soon
* Making new business cards, hardison is making up one idea currently.
* Make antwars bots in free time, possible competition to be held.
* New server? If you are interested in working with it talk to sphinx
* Working on office hour schedual for next fall, talk to Renix.  Possibly doubling up on  hours so there are more hands to get things  done quicker.
* If anyone is interested in robotics: Tech Care Computer Center   looking for people who are interested in working on stuff with them.


###Next Semester Ideas:
* Start going to classes next semester at parkview and introducing      cclub, ctf, and other projects to get new members.
* Host a basic Unix workshop for student who are interested near    semester start.
* Attend the monthly RSO meeting held at parkview.
* In the past have done charity events, possibly bring that back. try   to do at least one next semester as a start.
* New talks oriented more to learning skills to increase the    likeliness of getting hired in tech jobs.
* Specific office hours for homework help only.

###CTF:
* Ctf happening today. People will be at the room tonight working on    it.
* If interested more in ctf, join the channel on irc.

###Summer Plan:
* Current days schedualed: June 6-8 for secret summer plan, talk to     giggles for more information.

###Job opportunities:
* CS department is looking for a new Linux Sys admin. Talk to Jason    Johnson C-218 if interested. Don't need much experience to apply.
* Looking for middleware people: Criminal Sciences LLC
 criminal-sciences.com

###New members:
* Welcoming Ben! interested in working with the kernel.
* Maybe Don? =]

- - - 

##Meeting Ends at 6:42pm
