---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 08/14/2014"
date: 2014-08-14T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

## August 14th, 2014 Minutes
### by typo (hi)

## Meeting begin 6:10pm

##Headcount: 10 heads counted

 - - -

###Announcements:
* T-shirts CCROW SHIRTS as the CTF mascott
* CCAW
* (ka-KAW)

###Room move:
* **Kohrman 2225**
* Data drops are in and activated (me++)
* They still need to finish mounting the whiteboard,
* They may be taking the blackboard, but they are in a rush so they may not?
* No set day yet, Ron Robyn is setting a schedule for this, probably within the next couple days.
* We have moderate assurance that it will be done before fall
* Room is mostly done, power and internet in
* Stop saying unnecessary things the kitchen cabinets don't matter
* Aviation breathing down our necks culd u guise not plz

###KZOO Smash
* Group we're working with
* They've had 50 people showing up consistently to tournaments
* Perhaps do advertisement
* They're going to be having an event at plan
* **Aug 30th, room D109 there will be a KZOO Smash tournament at Parkview**
 * $5 entry fee for kzoo smash

###PLAN:
* **October 10th**
* We may be running League ourselves
* One tournament Friday, One Saturday
* Smash Bros, League of Legends to headline
* Giggles working on sponsorships
* Guys quit bickering we're (trying to be) being constructive

###Yakko:
* Uber yakko is up and thus becomes normal Yakko
* Props to Stringy, Monofuel, Whiteout, Sphinx, Zug
* Still working out kinks, most services are running smoothly
* Inb4 snarky jokes
* **We have a wiki now (again, rather)**
 * Login w/ cclub credentials
 * Everyone can use it
 * USE IT!
 * Stuff like how ralph works, what's going on in the room, etc
* Mail is up
* Webirc is being worked on
* **PLANET YAKKO GUYS**
 * If you have a blog, and want your posts on the cclub main page, give us a feed in rss format
 * It will get posted and give you exposure while making US look productive!  Excellent!

###Events:
* Another parkview event like last year?
 * this is a good idea. Flay is talking to Trenary about scheduling
* Bronco bash?

###WIDR:
* WIDR would be happy to take the stream and run it themselves
* They don't have server space for it, could probably buy it
* They don't have people with experience setting it up and use it
* Drc proposes using a Rpi and using it to feed info to yakko and yakko then serves the content
* No audio out on their equipment
* Karras will look into it further
* We will work with WIDR to create a better solution

###Misc:
* Magoo vouches that upgrading 12.04LTS to 14.04LTS ubuntu goes smoothly
* We have a table on Sunday Bronco Bash weekend with WIDR

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:52pm
