---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/09/2014"
date: 2014-10-09T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

## October 9th, 2014 Minutes
*By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:05pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 30

###Plan this weekend!:
* Hui, Andrew and  Wobbles are going to try and hand some more flyers out before plan! Thank you!
* Bracelets to give people once they pay and enter plan.
* Firefly, Wobbles, Flay, Grizzly, Mangofever, Andrew, Mobyte, CSquared, Sphinx all willing to help move stuff over.
* Renix, Stringy, and Hardison have access to the rooms so if you need access contact them AHEAD of time, not the second you need or want to get in.
* CSGO prizes will most likely be steam cards

###Github Promo:
* Promotion for offering software free for students with an edu e-mail
* Unreal engine free, year free domain name and free VPS, virtual machine free for a year
* 5 private repos
* education.github.com/pack
* If you would like to know more, ask Monofuel! He is very excited

###Upcoming CTF's:
* Defcamp October 18th at 11am - 20th at 11am, giving away 3000 Euro and tons of gagets to winners
* Hackalu Oct 21st-23rd 
* Pico CTF October 27th through November 7th aimed towards highschool students, so we will register as individuals. 
* Pico - A lower level beginner ctf. A great time to learn if you are new to 
* Funky will be up for the Pico CTF (yayyy!)

###R-PI Club:
* Fridays at Parkview. If you are interested Dr. Carr will be letting us know more soon
* Student group at the engineering campus

###Rasberry Pi Order:
* Renix, Segfault, Pluggles, Mobyte, Buttercup, Hui, Lotus, and Klingy are interested in ordering one!
* Around 38 dollars, will require an SD card as well
* Doing orders soon so have money ready as soon as possible =D

###Geekout Sunday October 26th:
* Security Build
* Working on throwing VM's on one of the new servers, and more!
* Maybe set up a repository on one?
* Create a collection of small scripts for CTFs.

###Shirts:
* Two weeks roughly until they are in? Firefly will keep us posted=]

###Kzoo Smash Friday Oct 10th:
* 5 dollar entry kzoo smash competition
* Doors open at 6  - Registration closes at 7 - starts at 7:30
* 1st place - 50 dollars
* 2nd place - 30 dollars
* 3rd place - 20 dollars

##Hope to see you all at plan!!

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:37pm
