---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 09/25/2014"
date: 2014-09-25T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

## September 25th, 2014 Minutes
* By Renix!

## Meeting begin 6:15pm

 - - -

###Head Count:
* 39

###PLAN:
* October 10-12. First day is officially for members only
* 11-12th tournaments will be held
* Flyers are approved and currently done being posted at Parkview
* Jesuscat has valley 3, Mobyte has valley 1-2, Icy has schneider, Ceas has wood and chemistry building, Shock has henry hall, firefly has the art building, Flay will hit the other random places on main campus.
* Sphinx will go to kinkos and print a ton of flyers which will be in the room by Friday

###T-Shirts:
* Anyone who has signed up to get a t-shirt and hasnt paid for them talk to firefly or paypal the money to cclub.

###Upcoming Events:
* CTF this weekend! Everyone should take part even if you have no experience! 6am tomorrow the 26th for 32 hours
* Linux workshop at Parkview Campus in c-208 Monday the 29th and Wednesday the 31st.
* Pico CTF is October 27th
* This weekend 6pm friday- 6pm sunday - 48 hour film festival going on. Blind and James are getting a team together if you are interested.

###Group Study:
* Want to set up and area on git to upload your homework for discussion
* Check homework channels on IRC, or create your own!
* Giggles is currently creating a page on the wiki for homework notes

###Can You Hack It?:
* Link on our website to solve a simple ctf problem
* Scanning the QR Code on our flyers also works to get to this simple problem

###Linux Workshop:
* Upcoming Monday the 29th and Wednesday the 31st at 5:30 in c-208 at the parkview campus
* Come learn more about linux, or begin learning for the first time!
* Computers in c-208 have linux already on them if you don't have it on your personal computer
* Blind, Demorest, Pluggles, Sphinx, and possibly Stringy will be there to help

###BTN:
* Professional Side of things
* Business Technology Network - relating technology to the business world 
* They hold events like resume day, Linkdn day, ect.
* Senior Application Engineer coming from Steel Case next week and looking for interns!
* IT Forum on November 7th, register online and dress up! also free food! Flyer is in cclub room
* Meetings are Wednesdays at 6pm in 3350 Schneider Hall
* Possibly making websites for student organizations in the future?!

- - - 

##Meeting ends at 6:44pm
