---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 04/02/2015"
date: 2015-04-02T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# Meeting April 2, 2015
Head Count: 23

# Jobs
- Green Bay packaging in Kalamazoo is looking for an IT employee. Talk to Dr. Trenary for more information.

# Dr. Trenary
- For fall and spring, we may be able to get $1000 per year to distribute to the club as a tuition.
  - The original idea is to give this to the President and Vice President.
  - This takes effect in July, the beginning of the next academic year.
- This is an incentive to get more people committed.
- Dr. Trenary would like to get us a logo and other branding.
- He would like to have workshops, such as dual booting and other things students may need help with.
- Emily Demorest's program at the middle school would help us with this.
- Getting our 501c3 status would also be helpful. It is being worked on right now.
  - 501c4 allows for political advocacy.

# Bonzai Tournament
- The deadline for signup is tomorrow, April 3.
- This is an artificial intelligence competition that involves writing a competitive game bot.
- If you are interested, register now. The fee is $10.
- Sign up [here](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu) and bring the form to the Computer Science Department office.

# PLAN Meeting
- We need to schedule an after-PLAN meeting.

# Hackathon
- Tomorrow, Friday, April 3, 2015
- At the next hackathon tomorrow, we will be working on the PLAN website.
- There will be food.

# WSA
- There will be a position opening in the WSA for developing their website.
- This is a paid position.
- We should to have as many computer club members as possible applying.

# CTF
- UIU CTF put on by Illinois
- Tomorrow, Friday, 8:00 PM EST for 24 hours.
- 69 teams have already registered
- We will be doing this primarily, with the hackathon as an alternative even to participate in.
- The room will be open at 3:00 PM on Friday.

# Hidden Website Things
- Movie Mondays are open to Computer Club members.
- Google Analytics is set up.

# Recording Talks
- sink is in charge of recording talks.
- Does anyone want to help him with setting up recording talks.
- We just need a good headset right now.

# PLAN
- We made about $1300 from Spring PLAN 2015.
- Thanks Hardison!
- If anyone is interested in being involved in the treasury to help with finances, let us know.
- We have a lot to discuss at the after PLAN meeting, including when to schedule the next one.
  - We will be opening registration and starting marketing for the next PLAN earlier.

# Meeting Agendas webapp
- Dickweed has created a webapp for adding meeting agenda items.
- It is on the Minutes section of our website.

# Merchandise
- Sea cow logo products like T-Shirts, stickers, business cards, etc.

# Nominations
- Election results take effect at the beginning of the next term.
- There are five constitutional officer positions: President, Executive VP, Secretary, Treasurer, VP of finance.
  - The president is in charge of removing obstacles, being the face of computer club, and delegating tasks.
  - The vice president helps out the president with administration.
  - The secretary is in charge of minutes, and possibly event scheduling in the future.
  - The treasurer is in charge of watching the flow of money.
  - The VP of finance facilitates buying what we need, and proposals to WSA.
  - The sysadmin maintains yakko along with others.
  - The webmaster is in charge of the website and collaboration over it.
  - There is a proposed officer position for outreach. 
- Officers are required to attend meetings and hold office hours.

## President
- stringy
- cpg
- sphinx
- mobyte

## Executive Vice President
- stringy
- cpg
- Hardison
- sphinx

## Secretary
- cpg
- mobyte
- typo

## Treasurer
- buttercup
- Zurek
- pluggles

## VP of Finance
- grizzzly

## VP of OPs
- Hardison

## VP of AV
- sink

## Public Relations
- kami
- kell

## Webmaster
- TheMind
- stringy

## Sysadmin
- stringy
- pluggles

## General
- camtar
- doby
- rantao
- pluggles
- kell
- kessler
