---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 04/16/2015"
date: 2015-04-16T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# Meeting Minutes for April 16th, 2015 

Minutes by cpg

Head Count: 24

# Graphics by Kami
- Kami has designed some nice graphics for us to use on shirts, business cards, etc.
  - Shirts
  - Hoodies
  - Business Cards
  - Stickers
- The designs aren't finalized yet, but have been generally well received.
- Our next move is to create some kind of merchandise section for the website.
- Join #officers on IRC to discuss graphics further.
- **If you have existing graphics that Computer Club has used in the past, please send them to cokezero (cokezero@yakko.cs.wmich.edu).**
- *Note that we are required to call ourselves "Computer Club AT Western Michigan University."* 

# Middle School Robotics 
- Thanks to sphinx, cchao, and camtar for helping out with the Middle School Robotics program!
- Talk to demorest or email Emily Demorest (emilydemorest@gmail.com) if you are still interested in helping out with this.
- This is an after-school event that involves teaching kids to build things out of Little Bits as well as program.

# CTF
- Plaid CTF starts tomorrow (Friday, April 17th) at 5 PM and runs at 48 hours.
- This is one of the highest rated CTFs that we participate in, so join us!
- Join #ctf on IRC for more information.

# Yakko Backup
- Dan Dyla has suggested backing up yakko to Amazon Glacier.
- This is $6 per full 600GB backup, and about $65 for retrieval.
- Out of Yakko's full capacity, 652 GB is currently being used.
- **Currently we do not have a backup system, so please keep your own backups of anything you keep on yakko.**

# Newsletters
- Computer club will soon start sending out professional looking newsletters.
- Newsletters can possibly contain articles written by Computer Club members.

# cflock
- Thanks to giggles for setting up the server ben donated as a VM host ("cflock").
- It could definitely use RAM, though.

# Old Servers
- We're selling our old servers that are sitting around in the room.
  - $7-8 per server. Come by the room to pick one up.

# Congrats
- To cpg for getting hired with the WSA
- And to brandon(stryxpon) for getting hired at UofM
