---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 10/29/2015"
date: 2015-10-29T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# Weekly Meeting Minutes, October 29th, 2015

- Minutes by cpg

# PLAN

- PLAN is coming up next weekend, November 7th and 8th.
- If you are a tournament director or are otherwise interested in PLAN, please attend the PLAN meeting on Wednesday, Nov 4th, at 6:30 PM.

# Geekouts

- Tomorrow, October 30th, we will be meeting in the Computer Club room to begin working on our first hackathon project, an in-house CTF. Ask Hardison questions.

# CTF Course

- We are choosing a time on Fridays for the CTF course. Discuss with sphinx on IRC.
- For those who aren't aware, this will be a 1-credit course in the Computer Science department. The course will involve participating in Capture the Flag cyber-security competitions as Computer Club normally does.

# Talks

- We're on the lookout for sources of talks on topics Computer Club members are interested in! If you or someone you know can present on a computer science topic, please don't hesitate to bring them in. Here are some ideas for inspiration:
  - Git
  - New programming languages such as Rust
  - Machine Learning
  - Cryptocurrency
- Talk to cpg on IRC if you would like to move forward with a presentation idea.

# Job Openings

- There is an opening in the CAE center for a sysadmin. Talk to stringy for more information.
- Zoetis is looking for an employee with knowledge of audio and video. Talk to Demorest on IRC for details.

# Room Cleaning

- The floor of the room will be cleaned and buffed Sunday, November 22nd at 11 PM. 
- If you would like to help with moving furniture out of the room, come by in the afternoon on that day.

# Room Electricity

- The room has been outfitted with ceiling power outlets with retractable cabling!
