---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 06/23/2016"
date: 2016-06-23T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# June 23rd, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 9 people in attendance, including: cpg, hellbacon, stringy, mobyte

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Weekend Events
- Saturday at 2PM is Showcase Saturday 3: Back with Vengeance. Come by the room if you would like to show off any projects you have been working on lately.
  - There are no minimum requirements for showing off your latest project. Anything is allowed during Showcase Saturday.
  - See more details about Showcase Saturday and sign up here: https://goo.gl/llvEHI.
- Sunday at 6PM is Coding Challenge Sunday. If you would like to try out some HackerRank challenges that can help improve your programming skills, come check it out.
  - See more details about the event here: https://goo.gl/wJbYxk.

### PLAN Photos
- We are still looking for photos that anyone may have taken during the Spring 2016 PLAN.
- Please let us know if you have any photos that you can share.

### Monitor Wall
- We won't be able to mount the monitors directly on the wall, since we aren't allowed to put holes in the wall.
- Instead we should put them on a stand somewhere around the room.

### VP of OPs
- cpg is stepping down from the VP of OPs position.
- The VP of OPs position will be responsible for setting up and organizing PLAN, as well as helping coordinate other events for Computer Club members.
- If you are interested in the possibility of being our VP of OPs, contact kami or nospace on IRC.
