---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 08/11/2016"
date: 2016-08-11T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# August 11th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 16 people in attendance, including: buttercup, mobyte, nospace, kami, frantic, sphinx, stringy, buttercup, dropshock, bigguy, hellbacon, tmiley, magoo, typo

> 6:06 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Weekend Goals
- We are going to clean the Computer Club room this weekend.
  - The plan is to start cleaning this Sunday at 2PM.
  - We need all the help we can get. If you would like to help out, come by.
  - There will be pizza and music, so feel free to come help us.
- Dr. Carr is inviting Auto Owner's Insurance recruiters looking for Systems Admins and Web Developers.
  - Security related jobs could possibly be involved.
  - Check next week's minutes if you are interested.
- HTTPS certificate is up and running for the website.
  - This means it's time to start planning for PLAN.
  - Since our website is ready, our priority is getting sponsors and making sure everything is going to be ready.
  - To start it off, we are going to start planning to find sponsors this Saturday at 12 Noon.
- At 2 PM on Saturday we are having the Showcase Saturday event.
  - The challenge is to make a snake game.
  - Anything is allowed here regardless of quality. Come check it out and show off what you've been working on!
  - To get more details about this or to see the rules, go here: https://goo.gl/4MVIwq.
- We are going to get a food list ready for bigguy to restock the Computer Club food supply.
  - If you want to discuss this food list or want specific things, go to #shoppinglist on IRC or tell us in the #officers channel.

### Upcoming Events
- Passport day is going to be on September 1st.
  - This is an event we have at Parkview every year to show incoming Freshmen what Computer Club is all about.
  - Some of our current ideas are to take the 3D printer and Oculus Rift.
  - stringy had the idea to have a monitor demo facing the hallway so people passing by can see it.
  - If you have any of your own ideas for things to show off to Freshmen, let us know on IRC.
  - The time of this event is soon to come. If you would like to volunteer or help out, let any one of the officers know.
  
### Shirts
- Our plan is to use our current Computer Club shirt design as our shirt for events, such as CTFs and Parkview Passport.
- If you are interested in seeing this design or buying one for yourself, see this link: http://www.redbubble.com/people/chrissphinx/collections/515635-computer-club-crow.
- Ideally, we would like to have these shirts ready to use at the Parkview Passport event.

### Defcon 2016
- tmiley, sphinx, nospace, and stringy are back from Defcon.
- Here are some tips they gave to anyone that wants to go to Defcon:
  - They highly recommended checking out the events and workshops. 
  - A point tmiley made was to check the website in advance and see what things you want to check out. 
  - Pre-registering for the workshops online is essential.
  - Recommended to not prioritize seeing talks, as you have many chances to see them at a later time.
  - If staying in the same hotel as the Defcon event, they could stream talks to their room.
- They also have brought pictures and videos, which will be shared online soon.
  - If you want to see those, check the minutes or keep checking on IRC.
- Overall, they all had a great time. There was talk about taking a group again next year, so keep it in mind for next year if you want to go!
