---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 07/14/2016"
date: 2016-07-14T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# July 14th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 11 people in attendance, including: kami, mind, cpg, mobyte, Hardison, nospace, stringy, typo, hypnotoad, sphinx, hellbacon

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### PLAN Preparation
- cpg is not going to be the VP of OPs so we will need a group of people to work on plan.
- Hardison will help us make a list of things to do that we will need to organize plan.
- The group of people that are going to help with plan will need to be able to make important decisions.
- People will need to be able to be committed if they want to help.
- We will need to organize plan far in advance so we will not need to worry about setting things up shortly before PLAN.
- Since Hardison won't be here during PLAN, we will definitely need people to help out.
- sponsors should be a priority.
  - We should have one person dedicated to sponsors.
  - We should build our relationship with potential sponsors so we can get in contact with them quicker in the future.
  - We will definitely need help from giggles to get the League of Legends Riot sponsorship.
- 501(c)(3) is a requirement for many businesses, but instead we may be able to obtain funds by putting them through the University.
- Someone will need to rent out the rooms early at Parkview.
- bigguy, our VP of finance, will be the person to help us get concessions.
  - We should focus on getting a wide variety and enough of popular items, since leftover items will go to Computer Club.
- Additionally, the webmaster will need to set up the website in advance so people can sign up.
- Pre-registration on the website should go up about a month in advance.
  - Pre-registration gives us general attendance information, tournament interest information, MAC addresses, and tournament team registration.
- Posters should also go up early so people know about PLAN.
- An Overwatch tournament is expected to bring in a lot more people.
- If we need any more information or if we have any questions, we can contact Hardison.
- Over the next couple weeks, we will be dividing the needed tasks for PLAN to multiple people.

### Oculus Rift Computer
- Our temporary machine for playing on the Oculus Rift is gone.
- We should buy a new gaming PC if we want to power the Oculus Rift.
- mobyte has put a PCPartPicker link in IRC (http://pcpartpicker.com/list/yL8vVY), check it out and give feedback if you want to help us pick out the new computer for Computer Club.

### Lockpicking Demo
- Jason Johnson is giving a lockpicking demo this Monday at 2PM.
- stringy will be there helping to teach high-schoolers about lockpicking.
- If anyone wants to help, let stringy know.

### Minecraft Server
- We're playing Minecraft on a server right now.
- If you want to join us, join the #minecraft channel on IRC and join the IP in the topic.

### Events
- nospace is thinking of shutting down the Showcase Saturday and Coding Challenge Sunday events.
- It might be put on hold until the semester starts but nospace is trying to gauge interest.
- If you are still interested in these events, let him know.

### Investment
- Ray Davidson may be interested in sponsoring Computer Club.
- He is coming to Computer Club July 28th.
- For more information, check the following links:
  - http://www.nationalccdc.org/
  - http://www.meetup.com/ZooSec-Kalamazoo-Michigan-InfoSec-Meetup/
	- This event is on July 22nd.
