---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 08/04/2016"
date: 2016-08-04T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# August 4th, 2016 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 9 people in attendance, including: tank21, mobyte, cpg, mind, hellbacon, kami, dropshock, typo

> 5:56 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### Oculus Computer
- We received the final parts for the Oculus Rift computer.
- We will start building it today.
- If you want to come check out the completed build and give the Oculus Rift a try, try it out at Computer Club!

### PLAN Sponsorship
- We need to make sure the sponsorship for League of Legends from Riot is secured.
- Additionally, we should see if we can get sponsorship from Valve for Dota 2 and CS:GO.
- We should ask WIDR for airtime and/or some sponsorship.
- Capcom could also help sponsorship for a Street Fight V tournament.
- Some other ideas:
  - Monster
  - Red Bull
  - Bawls
- If you want to help with getting sponsorships, let us know. We will be choosing people for the PLAN committee soon.

### Parkview Passport
- We want to be doing the Parkview Passport event again on September 1st.
- This is our chance to recruit some Freshmen and to get our name out there.
- Some ideas of things we want to bring to show off are lockpicking sets, the Oculus Rift, and the 3D Printer.
- We will need volunteers to help talk to Freshmen about Computer Club.
  - If you want to help, come to the meetings following up to September 1st to see ways you can get involved.

### Showcase Saturday
- Showcase Saturday is not happening this Saturday since nospace is at Defcon, but it will be resuming the following week.
- The challenge is to program a game in the style of the Snake game.
- More details will follow in the meeting minutes for next week.
