---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/26/2017"
date: 2017-01-26T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# January 26th, 2017 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by mobyte in emacs

> 25 people in attendance, including: zurek, stringy, mind, nospace, dolphin, becky, mobyte, strongth, kami

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

### High School Event
- Dr. Carr emailed us to offer us to help with a project.
- Opportunity to help High School students to learn about Computer Science.
- To do this, they want us to show a demo of the Oculus Rift for 30 minutes at Floyd Hall.
- There will be two events, one on March 2nd and April 18th. The times are not yet decided.
- In return for helping, Computer Club will be given a pizza party funded by the Computer Science department.

### Richard Stallman
- Richard Stallman is coming to Kalamazoo on Monday (1/30).
- He will be giving a talk titled "Computing, Freedom, and Privacy".
- The event will be at Kalamazoo College in the Olds-Upton Building, Room 103 from 7 PM to 9 PM.
- To learn more about this event, go here: https://www.fsf.org/events/rms-20170130-kalamazoo.

### Oculus Touch
- The shipping got delayed again, so we will be hopefully getting it by tomorrow or on Monday.
- There were some problems with ordering it directly from Oculus, so we decided to go back to Amazon instead.

### Google Live Event
- Dr. Carr has recently emailed all Computer Science with some opportunities for individuals to take part in some events.
- To find more details about this, look in your student email for a message titled: 'You’re Invited! Google’s February YouTube Live Event Opportunities'.

### VMware
- Computer Science students at Western Michigan University have recently received access to many programs by VMware for free.
- There are licenses that can be used for many different VMware programs, including: VMware Workstation 12, VMware Fusion 8, VMware player 7, VMware vCenter Server 6, and many more programs.
- These licenses will be active for 12 months and can be renewed in the next year.
- To find this email, search your student email inbox for an email titled: 'An account has been created for you'.

> Meeting ends at 6:09 PM
