---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/25/2018"
date: 2018-01-25T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# January 25th, 2018 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by cookie in vim

> 19 people in attendance, including: taco, dolphin-phone, DrewR, spacedog, taylor, zurek, Kahrl, Tank21, Aaron, ben, cookie, sgt, leech, mind, typo

> 5:57 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall


### CEAS Chili Cook-Off

- 24 teams competed in the cook off 

- Kahrl and Zurek took home the first place trophy for Club.

- Kahrl and Zurek will be bringing in some of there chili next Friday @ 6:30pm.


### BonzAI Brawl

- During the second weekend in April, MTU will be putting on an AI development competition.

- This a basic AI competition that would be easy enough for all levels of programming knowledge.

- The idea is for us to just compete remotely from our campus and digitally submit our work.

- Dr. Carr would like us to get 4-5 teams of 2-3 people together so that we can setup a competition environment here.

- The BonzAI API is java and that would be the main programming language for the competition.

- For more information on BonzAI Brawl [click here!](http://bonzai.cs.mtu.edu/)

- DrewR will setup a [Screeps Server](https://github.com/screeps/screeps) to help us prepare for BonzAI Brawl


- Election for next years officers on April 12th

- Let kahrl know if you would like to be 


### PLAN 28 

- The spring plan this year will take place on March 24-25.

- PLAN meetings will start tomorrow. Meeting time will be tentatively schedule for 2pm on Fridays for every Friday until PLAN.

- Lets all put in effort to make this the best PLAN yet!


### Student Tutoring Position

- If you are looking for a on campus job next semester (Fall 2018), the Student Success Center will be hiring CS Tutors.

- The position will require slightly more than CS I && II knowledge

- Talk to SGT for more information.


### New System Administrator

- Due to DrewR's willingness and interest in server related projects he has been appointed as the System Administrator

- If you are interested in any server relate projects talk to DrewR.
