---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 08/29/2019"
date: 2019-08-29T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

> Notes taken by Taylor in vim

> 10 people in attendance, including: nsmith, alu, presto, sweeney, taylor, spacedog, kahrl, dolphin, Khajiit Pai, aerospice

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

## minecraft
* We have a minecraft server!

## like and subscribe
* you can like and subscribe to our social media below.
* facebook [https://www.facebook.com/ccowmu]
* youtube [https://www.youtube.com/user/wmucclub]
* twitter [https://twitter.com/ccawmu]
* we are officially active now on social media and Alu is running it!
## classes to talk to
* R
* MW 4:00 - 5:40 ROOD3396 36 students Qihai Liu
* we don't usually do R but think many CS students are in it.
* snackbutton will take this section.
* TR 12:00 - 1:40 ROOD3396 35 students Ian Kapenga
* i can talk to the Tuesday and Thursday section as I am in it.
* CS1
* TR 11:30 - 12:45 D109 128 students Donna Kaminski
* dolphin will take CS1.
* we will have doctor Kaminski email fliers as they're 128 students in the class.
* CS 2
* TR 11:30 - 12:45 D212 21 students Zijiang James Yang	
* dolphin will take this section.
* TR 5:30 - 6:45 D121 27 students Zijiang James Yang
* Spacedog will take this section.
* 2230
* TR 1:00 - 2:15 C141 30 students sphinx
* Alu will take  as she is in this class.
* TR 4:00 - 5:15 C124 18 students sphinx
* aerospice will take this one.
* Foundations of Computer Science
* MW 9:30 - 11:10 C141 27 students James D Nelson
* Alu will take that one.
* TR 9:30 - 11:10 C136 25 students Wassnaa Al-Mawee
* snackbutton  wil take that one.
* Digital Logic
* TR 8:30 - 9:20 118 students D109 Dean Johnson
* snackbutton will take digital logic.
* the total is 465 students!

### class talking points
* when talking to the classes, here are some possible talking points to bring up.
* don't bring lock picks up!
* we have soldering station.
* we have our own room.
## think about after meeting talks
* Alex wants to give some talks.
* helbaken wants to give a talk on go.
* we want a talk every week.
* no talk next week because of pizza.
* if you have an idea, please chat in officers.
* spacedog will make the talk schedule.
* the schedule is going to be available for all to edit.

## vote on lamps
* Alu wants desk lamps.
* 4 desk lamps and 1 or 2 standing lamps.
* lamps got approved for purchase. 
### vote on alex/hellbacon's 30/month tutoring cluster
* Alex wants club to do more tutoring/help.
* wants a digital ocean cluster which are minny servers to mess on.
* 3 node cluster costs $30/mo
* best place to learn is on a community server to mess things up.
* we could always cancel if it doesn't work.
### use of help room
* we are going to use the help room for all tutoring.
* help is slow where 1 or 2 people asking questions at a time.
* if you need help please ask in the help room!

## Bot for new members
* able to initiate pms with the bot.
* the bot will send you a pm with new member information.

### member retention
* we need to retain members.
*  pizza will help.
* having projects to engage members like the gaming pc.
## part time job fair
* september 10 part time job fair in bernhard center.
* it goes from 3:00-6:00.
## engineering expo
* engineering expo is sept 25 at parkview.

### University job resources
* if your not ready the university has good resources.
* there are also club members which can help you with your resume and cover letters.

## get fliers up on walls
* we need to get fliers to advertise our pizza night next week.
* you have to get all fliers approved by WMU.
* spacedog will try to get them approved.
* we need them by the valley dorms and engineering house.

## plans for the year
* allocated $1500 to build a new computer.
* new riot room will be created for this.
* this could be a friday project.
* almost like plan meetings were with a formal agenda.

### game jam
* September is a game jam.
* game jam is sept 20.
* winner gets $50.
### review session
* possibly a big study session for cs1 or 2 in october or november.

### little plan
* have a little plan inside room.
* we need to go back to the basics.
* maybe bring retro PC games back?
* aerospice could bring games from 2003 
* no entry price, but have simple prizes.
* little plan passed.

## new chairs and headsets
* we need new chairs and usb headsets.
* will vote next meeting.

### go to one event/hackathon
* we need a dedicated group to go to  Mhacks.
* hackathon is a programming contest where you make software in a short period of time.

### dinner
* some people are not happy about no club dinners.
* have pizza once a month or more.
* we need to vote on dinner soon.
## pizza next week
* we have free pizza next week!
## other notes
* please register your devices on the wifi!
* this will make my life easier.
* the command is $office -r and mac address.


