---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 11/07/2019"
date: 2019-11-07T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# November 7th, 2019 Meeting Minutes
> Notes taken by Taylor in vim

> 12 people in attendance dolphin, spacedog, presto, sweeney, sphinx, aerospice, alu, taylor, backbutton, synthabit, kahrl

> 6:00 PM, On a Thursday, 2225 Kohrman Hall

## special guest?
* nishant gupta
* from quicken loans
* my team leader
* need some people 
* if you are interested, they have both full time and internship positions
* see the jobs room if you are interested
* based in downtown Detroit
* also have system administrator positions
 
## current events

### spring registration
* open
* walk in advising tomorrow morning

### robotics club
* Fridays 2PM
* F208
* this club exists 
* weekly meetings
* compete in contests
* talk to spacedog
  
### dean search update
* new committee has been formed
* sphinx is on it
* at least one student is on it

### possible engineering student government
* would be in charge of funding allocation
* current method is dean
* dean was allocated 35k and gave 55k
* not lots of details
* seeking feedback
* this isn't WSA
* could be possible down side
* as plans evolve you can talk to them as needed
* may hold by weekly or weekly meetings

### kzoo software developers meetup
* tue, November 19
* "how do I UX?" talk
* a few hours, pizza, networking

## club events

### club deep cleaning
* Saturday and Sunday
* will take inventory and only throw away actual garbage
* will give people the chance to claim what's rightfully theirs
* auction off the rest with the intention of throwing it away after that
* the time is fuzzy but see chat if you are interested

## club business

### new router
* it's set up, test it out
* the WIFI is Avalon
* login and use it 
* the voting will be a good test
  * need to integrate with office bot
  
### new chairs/headphones
* have been ordered, should arrive early next week

### bernhard center display cases
* December, march, April
* old computers and a poster?
* thinking about march
  
### update on MWC3
* dawn has replied
* would like to work with us
* the theme is syber security
*usually the 3rd Friday of each month

### update on Parkview demo station
* money basically guaranteed now
* about 5kish
* move our current equipment to pview and replace it with money
* buy something to show on a table
* condition: has to be something that would be a good demo for the school's CS department 
  * vr system
  * syber security attach defense system
  * we need something that can go on a table for bronco bash
  * use led strips like sorting algorithm with sound
  
### 5950
* sphinx
* don't think it will survive any longer
* at some point josh  will not be around any longer
* doctor car is totally down for making a 3-credit class
 
### tutor/assistant job next semester
* help taylor handle the possibly inaccessible IDE files
* Anything else that I may need help with
* Doctor Hardin would be your boss

## dinner
* roadhouse


