---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/19/2023"
date: 2023-01-19T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# Minutes for Jan 19th, 2023

Minutes taken by crosstangent

Members in attendance: crosstangent, alu, acp, caligula, estlin, chago, zathras, kahrl + 2 others

## Deadline for Graduation

Anyone who is graduating in June, August, or December must apply for graduation by 02/01. Note that a fee of $50 applies.

## Admitted Student Events

On 02/3, 02/10, 02/24, 03/24, 04/1 (Saturday), 04/14, WMU is hosting admitted student events. Dr. Carr will be donating $1000 and the Office of Student Engagement will donate another $300, both donations provisional on Club attending all events.

## Spring Engineering Expo

The Spring Engineering Expo will be happening on 02/08 at the Bernhard Center. Opportunites abound for students who attend.

## Google Developer Student Club

The Google Developer Student Club is having an Info Session on 01/20 at 18:30 in Room 204 of the Bernhard Center.

## Mental Health Awareness Week

Mental Health Awareness Week is from 02/20 to 02/24. Self Care night will be on 02/22.

## Possible Travel Events

There will be additional admitted student events on 03/18 and 04/05 separate to the events described above. Currently, Club is not slated to have any representatives in attendance, but we might be asked to in the future.

## Constitution

We will be voting on the new constitution next week. All members are encouraged to attend and cast their vote.

## Class Visits

A Google Sheets is available for anyone who is available to promote Club. If anyone can speak at a class, sign up. 02/02 will be our "first meeting," which is what we will be promoting.

## MSP

MSPs will be sold in sphinx's class next Thursday at $50 each, covering costs to Club. Anyone who purchases an MSP now will have a Blacktop freely provided to them when available. The Club account has $4207.04 ($3140.45 PNC, $1066.59 PayPal). This balance includes estlin's snack purchases on 01/18.

## Board Games

Club will be hosting board games (organized by estlin and crosstangent) every Wednesday night from 19:00 until done (expected ~21:00).

## Science Olympiad

A vote was conducted and $120 was allocated to purchase equipment to run the WiFi Lab for Science Olympiad. Club can expect to be reimbursed at a future date.

## New Projects

alu and aerospice have floated ideas for constructing a tabletop arcade cabinet. Funds could be required, although none will be allocated at this point.

Other members are encouraged to come forward with ideas of their own.

## Downtime

We haven't taken a snapshot of yakko in quite a while. There will be planned downtime this evening to reboot it.
