---
title: "Meeting Minutes - 01/09/2025"
date: 2025-01-09T18:00:00-05:00
draft: false
---

# Computer Club at WMU meeting minutes for January 9th, 2025
Minutes taken by fet



## Attendance
* fet
* rezenee
* girrocks
* kahrl
* krakentosh
* poisson
* alu
* poisson
* alliexpres
* snakesalad
* thrawn
* crosstangent
* scarz
* dyx
+ 2 new people


## CClub Stuff
### Welcome back!


### New WRAVEN members
Project WRAVEN

Getting officially registered as student organization friday!

First paper finished!

Deciding what North Korean APT to focus research on

Website being redone with hugo and daisy ui instead of WIX


### Fridge Blew up
Ice accumulated and ruined the fridge, should be better soon.


### Dot blew up
Dot, the server in parkview engineering that hosts our chat, malfunctioned around a week ago.
ALU and ACP checked it out, the boot sector failed. 30 hours of repairing disks. The VM containing the passwords, chat database, and wiki database was all saved.




### Fixed chat
The chat is now actively working!
Server rebuild with everything hosted in docker
Element was 100 versions out of date, now updated and modern.
New Yakko is being built
cant SSH or go into port 443 anymore
New Yakko IP the same as the old Yakko IP
Ty scarz and alu!

### Defcon 33
Coming soon(ish)
Granted 5000 dollars for defcon, + 4000 dollars, but the extra 4000 is also for general cclub activities

defcon tickets: ~500

Flight tickers: ~400

Per diem: ~400

Hotel: ~535 for mardi gras hotel



### Hackathon
March 22/23
24 hour hacking event
Maybe Qdoba for food?



### Dinner?
Red Robin?
